A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
A best friend is one soul abiding in two bodies.
A Birth Certificate shows that we were born... A Death Certificate shows that we died... Pictures show that we lived !
A bore is a person who opens his mouth and puts his feats in it.
A broad margin of leisure is as beautiful in a man's life as in a book. Haste makes waste, no less in life than in housekeeping. Keep track of the time.
A burning unfulfilled desire is the greatest motivator of every human action.
A burning unfulfilled desire to succeed triggers a ―success awareness‖ which, in turn, creates the mental environment to seek out the beliefs, attitudes and skills required to succeed. The repetition of those success related beliefs, attitudes and skills will grow to become your personal ―habits of success‖.
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
A champion shows who he is by what he does when he's tested. When a person gets up and says 'I can still do it', he's a champion.
A clear conscience is knowing you always did you best. It‘s like a never-ending Christmas present to yourself.
A committee is a group of the unprepared, appointed by the unwilling, to do the unnecessary.
A community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
A desire presupposes the possibility of action to achieve it; action presupposes a goal worth achieving.
A difference of opinion is what makes horse racing and missionaries.
A dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker. A man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker.
A dream without a deadline doesn‘t really qualify as a serious goal.
A few basic activities will produce most of your best results and increased income.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
A game is like a mirror that allows you to take a better look at who you are.
A goal is a dream that also has a ‗do-it-or-die-trying‘ completion-deadline.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
A goal properly set is halfway reached.
A goal without a deadline doesn‘t qualify as a goal.
A goal without a deadline is still only a dream.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers alone.
A good laugh is the best type of sunshine in your life.
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he gets to know something.
A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.
A good teacher is a master of simplification and an enemy of simplism.
A good teacher is like a candle - it consumes itself to light the way for others.
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds; it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
A habit cannot be tossed out the window; it must be coaxed down the stairs, one step at a time.
A healthy mind is a prerequisite to easy breathing.
A hero is born among a hundred, a wise man is found among a thousand, but an accomplished one might not be found even among a hundred thousand men.
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods while the policeman searches you.
A house is not a home unless it contains both… food for the mind… as well as the body.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A jug fills drop by drop. A full life works the same way.
A leader leads by example, whether he intends to or not.
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is still getting its pants on.
A life lived in fear is a life half lived.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
A little caution on your part today avoids great regrets tomorrow.
A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money.
A long habit of not thinking a thing to be wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
A lot of competition will keep any business on its toes.
A lot of people are afraid to tell the truth, to say no. That's where toughness comes into play. Toughness is not being a bully. It's having backbone.
A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience.
A lot of people have ideas, but there are few who decide to actually take action on their Ideas, now. Not tomorrow. Not next week. But today. The true entrepreneur is a doer, an action figure, not merely a talking version of a dreamer.
A lot of people quit looking for work as soon as they find a job. That‘s the best time to begin looking for your next job.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes of himself.
A man can be as great as he decides to be and will be as great as he expects to be.
A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
A man dies daily, only to be reborn in the morning, bigger, better and wiser.
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.
A man has to live with himself, and he should see to it that he always has good company.
A man is but the product of his thoughts. Whatever he first thinks, he then becomes.
A man is literally what he thinks.
A man is literally what he thinks, his character being the complete sum of all his thoughts.
A man is not old until his regrets out number his dreams.
A man is not rightly conditioned until he is a happy, healthy, and a prosperous being. Happiness, health, and prosperity are the result of a harmonious adjustment of the inner-self with the outer-world of the man and his surroundings.
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.
A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles.
A man only learns in two ways, one by reading, and the other by association with smarter people.
A man passes up more opportunity each and every day of his life than he could possibly develop in a lifetime.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks it should be.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul and the director of his life.
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle.
A man's character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation.
A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one.
A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one.
A mind always employed is always happy. This is the true secret, the grand recipe, for felicity.
A mind is like a rubber band. Once stretched, it never returns to its original size.
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a lifetime of experience.
A nation's culture resides in the hearts, minds and souls of its people.
A 'No' uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a 'Yes' merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble.
A novel is never anything, but a philosophy put into images.
A patent, or invention, is any assemblage of technologies or ideas that you can put together that nobody put together that way before. That's how the patent office defines it. That's an invention.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A perfection of means, and confusion of aims, seems to be our main problem.
A person cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his thoughts, and so indirectly, yet surely, shape his own circumstances.
A person must have a certain amount of intelligent-ignorance to get anywhere.
A person should set his goals as early as he can and devote all his energy and talent to getting there. With enough effort, he may achieve it. Or he may find something that is even more rewarding. But in the end, no matter what the outcome, he will know he has been alive.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
A policy is a temporary creed liable to be changed, but while it holds good it has got to be pursued with apostolic zeal.
A positive attitude will not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
A positive mental attitude causes a chain reaction of thoughts, events and outcomes. So does a negative mental attitude.
A positive mental attitude is the catalyst that causes a spark that starts a chain reaction of extraordinary results.
A preoccupation with the future not only prevents us from seeing the present as it is but often prompts us to rearrange the past.
A principle is the expression of perfection, and as imperfect beings like us cannot practice perfection, we devise every moment limits of its compromise in practice.
A problem well stated is a problem half-solved.
A professional is nothing more than an amateur who never stopped trying.
A proverb is much matter distilled into few words.
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.
A public-opinion poll is no substitute for original thought.
A pure hand needs no glove to cover it.
A question that sometimes drives me crazy: Am I or, are the others crazy?
A quitter never wins and a winner never quits.
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
A religion that takes no account of practical affairs and does not help to solve them is no religion.
A remark generally hurts in proportion to its truth.
A round man cannot be expected to fit in a square hole right away. He must have time to modify his shape.
A sense of humor is part of the art of leadership, of getting along with people, of getting things done.
A ship in a harbor is safe -- but that is not what ships are for.
A single day is enough to make us a little better, a little smarter, a little wiser.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
A slave is one who waits for someone to come and free him." A slip of the foot you soon recover, but a slip of the tongue you never get over.
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.
A small trouble is like a pebble. Hold it too close to your eye and it fills the whole world and puts everything out of focus. Hold it at a proper distance and it can be examined and properly classified. Throw it at your feet and it can be seen in its true setting, just one more tiny bump on the pathway of life.
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.
A strong mind always hopes, and always has cause to hope.
A study of economics usually reveals that the best time to buy anything is last year.
A successful individual typically sets his next goal somewhat but not too much above his last achievement. In this way he steadily raises his level of aspiration.
A successful team is a group of many hands but of one mind.
A superior man is modest in his speech, but excels in his actions.
A system of morality which is based on relative emotional values is a mere illusion, a thoroughly vulgar conception which has nothing sound in it and nothing true.
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and music; what else does a man need to be happy?
A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops.
A teacher is a compass that activates the magnets of curiosity, knowledge, and wisdom in the pupils.
A teacher's purpose is not to create students in his own image, but to develop students who can create their own image.
A temptation resisted is a true measure of character.
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.
A tremendous stream is flowing toward the ocean, carrying us all along with it; and though like straws and scraps of paper we may at times float aimlessly about, in the long run we are sure to join the Ocean of Life and Bliss." A true history of human events would show that a far larger proportion of our acts are the result of sudden impulse and accident than of motivational factors rooted in reason of which we so much like to boast.
A true man hates no one.
A truly good book teaches me more than to just read it. I must soon lay it down, and commence living based on its wisdom. What I began by reading, I must finish by acting.
A vow is a purely religious act which cannot be taken in a fit of passion. It can be taken only with a mind purified and composed and with God as witness.
A weed is but an unloved flower.
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Ability gets you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
Ability is nothing without opportunity.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
About the past. The way I see it, you can either run from it, or learn from it.
Above all, be of single aim; have a legitimate and useful purpose, and devote yourself unreservedly to it.
Above all else, challenge yourself. You may well surprise yourself at what strengths you already possess, and what you can accomplish with those assets.
Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into.
Academic qualifications are important and so is financial education. They're both important and schools are forgetting one of them.
Accept everything about yourself. I mean everything. You are you, and that is the beginning and the end; No apologies, no regrets." Accept the lifelong attitude that you are a student and you‘re here to learn. Never think you‘re too big or too important to ask questions. Never think you know too much to learn something new.
Achievement is largely the product of steadily raising one's levels of aspiration and expectation.
Achievement is the end result of consistent small efforts, repeated daily.
Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values.
Achieving life is not the equivalent of avoiding death.
Act as though it were impossible to fail.
Act enthusiastic consistently and your repetitive actions will cause you to become habitually enthusiastic.
Action does not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Action expresses priorities.
Action is a great restorer and builder of confidence. Inaction is not only the result, but the cause, of fear. Perhaps the action you take will be successful; perhaps different actions or adjustments will have to follow. But any action is better than no action at all.
Action is no less necessary than thought to the instinctive tendencies of the human frame.
Action is the real measure of intelligence.
Action is the ultimate measure of intelligence.
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.
Actions, not words, are the true criterion of the attachment of friends.
Adventure is not outside a man, it is within.
Advertise your business. Do not hide your light under a bushel.
Advertising is ‗the art of convincing people‘ to: spend money they don't have; for something they don‘t want; for something they don't even need; to impress people they don‘t even like.
Advertisements contain the only truths you‘ll find in a newspaper.
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
After the first blush of sin comes its indifference.
Again and again, the impossible problem is solved when we see that the problem is only a tough decision waiting to be made.
Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him.
Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Age is a matter of feeling...not of years.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
Ah, Hope! What would life be, stripped of thy encouraging smiles, that teach us to look behind the dark clouds of today, for the golden beams that are to gild the morrow.
Ah-Ha Moment - That moment in time when you go from Ignorance to Knowledge.
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something.
Aim for the highest.
Aim high. Shoot for the moon. It's the only way to discover the universe of possibilities.
Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing, and that was the closest our country has ever been to being solvent.
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
All bad precedents begin with justifiable measures.
All blame is a waste of time. No matter how much fault you find with another, and regardless of how much you blame him, it will not change you. The only thing blame does is to keep the focus off you when you are looking for external reasons to explain your unhappiness or frustration. You may succeed in making another feel guilty about something by blaming him, but you won't succeed in changing whatever it is about you that is making you unhappy.
All changes (good or bad) start in your own mind before they become a reality in your life.
All compromise is based on give and take, but there can be no give and take on fundamentals. Any compromise on mere fundamentals is a surrender. For it is all give and no take.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
All endeavor calls for the ability to tramp the last mile, shape the last plan, endure the last hours of toil. The fight to the finish spirit is the one characteristic we must possess if we are to face the future as finishers.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
All glory comes from daring to begin.
All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning.
All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.
All honor wounds are self-inflicted.
All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from, and to, and why.
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better you are.
All life is based on the simple seventh grade scientific principle of ―Cause and Effect.‖ Everything going on in your life is an effect of something. Don‘t like the effect? Change the cause and the effect will automatically change. Cause always precedes effect. You can‘t beat the system.
All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness. The important thing is, these things should be part of our daily lives.
All mankind is divided into three classes: the perpetrators who cause things to happen, the witnesses who only watch things happen and the victims who believe they‘re helpless to do anything about whatever happens.
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move.
All men are by nature equal, made all of the same earth by one Workman; and however we deceive ourselves, God loves the poor peasant no less than the mighty prince.
All men are children in adult-size bodies.
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
All of the great achievers of the past have been visionary figures; they were men and women who projected into the future. They thought of what could be, rather than what already was, and then they moved themselves into action, to bring these things into fruition.
All our dreams will come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume.
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.
All successful men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
All that a man achieves… or fails to achieve… is the direct result of his own thoughts.
All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost.
All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded to the individual.
All that truly matters at the end of your life is that you loved with all your heart.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. If a man speaks or acts with an evil thought, pain follows him. If a man speaks or acts with a pure thought, happiness follows him, like a shadow that never leaves him.
All that you accomplish or fail to accomplish with your life is the direct result of your thoughts.
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
All the breaks you need in life are patiently currently waiting on you within your own Imagination. Imagination is the workshop of your mind, capable of turning mind energy into accomplishment and wealth.
All the gold which is under or upon the earth is not enough to give in exchange for virtue.
All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire, but my heart is all my own.
All the religions of the world, while they may differ in other respects, unitedly proclaim that nothing survives in this world but Truth.
All the wonders you seek in life are deep inside yourself.
All these primary impulses, not easily described in words, are the springs of man's actions.
All things appear and disappear because of the concurrence of causes and conditions. Nothing ever exists entirely alone; everything is in relation to everything else.
All things will be produced in superior quantity and quality, and with greater ease, when each man works at a single occupation, in accordance with his natural gifts, and at the right moment, without meddling with anything else.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unimaginable heresy of one wise man.
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain?
All you have to do is know where you're going. The answers will come to you of their own accord.
All you need is a goal, a plan, a road map, and regardless of the detours, distractions or bumpy roads, the courage to keep going as fast as you can until you reach your ultimate destination.
All you need is ignorance and confidence and your success is a sure thing.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well in your life.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Always choose life.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later Always have lofty explicit goals and visualize them intensely.
Always have options. Options are a primary source of power. Power also comes from stripping away appearances and seeing things as they really are.
Always keep a happy attitude.
Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet.
Always keep your composure. You can't score from the penalty box; and to win, you have to score.
Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine.
Always look at what you have left. Never look at what you have lost.
Always render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Always show gratitude when earned, monetarily when possible.
Always work on increasing the size of the pie, rather than just your portion.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals.
America is a country of inventors, and the greatest of inventors are the news reporters.
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
An artist paints with his brains and not with his hands.
An attitude of expectancy seems to magically attract all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that did not exist before the attitude change.
An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.
An early-morning walk is a self-inflicted blessing that causes happiness throughout the rest of the day.
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't.
An effort made for the happiness of others lifts us above ourselves.
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser.
An Englishman is a person who does things because they have been done before. An American is a person who does things because they haven't been done before.
An error does not become truth by reason of multiplied propagation, nor does truth become error because nobody sees it.
An essential aspect of creativity is not being afraid to fail.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
An honest man is always a child.
An hour of effective, precise, hard, disciplined - and integrated thinking can be worth a month of hard work.
An idea is the only thing on planet earth that can be shared equally, with an infinite number of people, without diminishing its original value.
An idea, like a ghost, must be spoken to a little before it will explain itself.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous.
An ignorant person is one who doesn't know what you have just found out.
An innovation is one of those things that society looks at and says, if we make this part of the way we live and work, it will change the way we live and work.
An inventor fails 999 times, and if he succeeds once, he's in. He treats his failures simply as practice shots.
An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn't take his education too seriously.
An investment in knowledge pays the best dividends.
An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger.
An ounce of practice is worth more than tons of preaching.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It‘s the life in your years.
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
And what, Socrates, is the food of the soul? Surely, I said, knowledge is the food of the soul.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom a good one.
Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
Anger that lingers is in the heart of a foolish man is the monster that will swallow him up.
Animation can best explain whatever the mind of man can conceive. This facility makes it the most versatile and explicit means of communication yet devised for quick mass appreciation.
Animation offers a medium of storytelling and visual entertainment which can bring pleasure and information to people of all ages everywhere in the world.
Any action is better than no action at all.
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do.
Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
Any man may easily do harm, but not every man can do good to another.
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Any person who contributes to the prosperity of others must, in turn, also prosper. This is an excellent example of ―the universal law of sowing and reaping.‖ Any problem can be solved using the materials already in the room.
Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Anyone who plays ‗fast and loose‘ with small truths is highly likely to treat larger truths in the same way.
Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
Anything received free of charge is seldom considered to have any real value.
Anything that won't sell, I don't want to invent. Its sale is proof of utility, and utility is success.
Anything you attempt and realistically expect to be successful at during your lifetime, you must do with both wisdom and understanding.
Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you.
Anxiety is usually caused by lack of control, organization, preparation and action.
Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today.
Applause is a receipt for what you‘ve done, not a bill for you to get busy and pay up.
Applause waits on success.
Apply yourself both now and in the next life. Without effort, you cannot be prosperous. Though the land be good, You cannot have an abundant crop without cultivation.
Appreciation can make a day - even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
Are creeds such simple things like the clothes which a man can change at will and put on at will? Creeds are such for which people live for ages and ages.
Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.
Are you not ashamed of heaping up the greatest amount of money and honor and reputation, and caring so little about wisdom and truth and the greatest improvement of the soul?
Arise awake and stop not till the goal is reached.
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.
Art is never finished, only abandoned.
As a man thinketh, so is he.
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can.
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway to the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.
As far as I'm concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
As for me, all I know is that I know nothing.
As human beings, our greatness lays not so much in being able to remake the world – that is the myth of the atomic age - as in being able to remake ourselves.
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
As in geology, so in social institutions, we may discover the causes of all past changes in the present invariable order of society.
As in the rankest soil the most beautiful flowers are grown, so in the dark soil of poverty the choicest flowers of humanity have developed and bloomed.
As long as you‘re going to be thinking anyway, why not think big.
As the physically weak man can make himself strong by careful and patient training, so the man of weak thoughts, can make them strong by exercising himself in right thinking.
As selfishness and complaint pervert the mind, so love with its joy clears and sharpens the vision.
As soon as questions of will or decision or reason or choice of action arise, human science is at a loss.
As the builders say, the larger stones do not lie well without the lesser.
As to marriage or celibacy, let a man take which course he will, he will be sure to repent.
As we advance in life we learn the limits of our abilities.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
As we move towards 8 or 10 billion people on the planet, there's a little less gold per capita. Each one of us will continue to be fighting over an ever smaller percentage of total resources. This is not a happy thought but, one heck of a profit opportunity.
As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you – the first time around.
As you get older it is harder to have heroes, but it is sort of necessary.
As you simplify your life, the laws of the universe will be simpler; solitude will not be solitude, poverty will not be poverty, nor weakness weakness.
Ask and it shall be given.
Ask, and it will be given you; Seek, and you will find; Knock, and it will be opened to you.
Ask and ye shall receive.
Ask for cooperation and you‘ll get it. Demand it and you‘ll get mostly resistance with very little cooperation.
Ask for what you want and it‘ll surprise you how often you get exactly what you ask for.
Ask not what the world can do for you. Ask what you can do for your world.
Ask not what your teammates can do for you. Ask what you can do for your teammates.
Ask yourself whether you should wait for the greatness of heaven or should we start early, enjoying the many blessings available in the here and now. After all, the earth and all its wonderment was also created for our benefit by the Creator of the universe.
Asking is the beginning of receiving. Make sure you don't go to the ocean with a teaspoon. At least take a bucket so the kids won't laugh at you.
Astronomy compels the soul to look upwards and leads us from this world to another.
At Disney, we have created characters and animated them in the dimension of depth, revealing through them to our perturbed world that the things we have in common far outnumber and outweigh those that divide us.
At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable.
At my age flowers scare me.
At some point, you can't lift this boulder with just your own strength. And if you find that you need to move bigger and bigger boulders up hills, you will need more and more help.
At the age of 20, we don't care what the world thinks of us; at 30, we worry about what it is thinking of us; at 40, we discover that it wasn't thinking of us at all.
At the end of each day, you should play back the tapes of your performance. The results should either applaud you or prod you.
At the end of the day, it doesn't matter whose fault it was, solve the problem and make it go away.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
At twenty years of age, the will reigns; at thirty, the wit; and at forty, the judgment.
Attention to health is life greatest hindrance.
Attitude and desire contribute to 90% of your achievement. Anyone can learn the physical mechanics.
Attitude is the little thing that makes such a big difference.
Auto-Suggestion – The medium for influencing the subconscious mind.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Avoid extravagance; and always live considerably within your income, if you can do so without absolute starvation!
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. The fearful are caught as often as the bold.
Avoiding the phrase ―I don‘t have time...‖, will soon help you to realize that you do have the time needed for just about anything you choose to accomplish in life.
Bad habits are like chains that are too light to felt until they are too heavy to carry.
Basketball is like photography, if you don't focus, all you have is the negative.
Be a self-starter.
Be always sure you're right, then go ahead.
Be as you wish to seem.
Be better at earning than you are at spending and you‘ll always have a surplus of money.
Be bold and courageous. When you look back on your life, you‘ll regret the things you didn‘t do more than the ones you did.
Be decisive even if it means that sometimes you‘ll be wrong.
Be forgiving of yourself and others.
Be generous.
Be genuine.
Be honest.
Be interesting, be enthusiastic... and don't talk too much.
Be kind and merciful. Let no one ever come to you without coming away better and happier.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
Be loyal.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Be not ashamed of thy virtues; honor's a good brooch to wear in a man's hat at all times.
Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be men of courage; be strong.
Be prepared.
Be quick to learn and wise to know.
Be ready when opportunity comes...Luck is that time when preparation meets opportortunity.
Be sincere; be brief; be seated.
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the LORD your God goes with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Be the most positive and enthusiastic person you know.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
Be true to yourself.
Be where the luck is.
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.
Beauty is the bait which with delight allures man to enlarge his kind.
Become the most positive and enthusiastic person you know.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
Before I can live with other folks I've got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do. The ‗potting soil‘ for all success is at least a 2:1 mixture of failure to success. Sometimes, 3:1.
Before the throne of the Almighty, man will be judged not by his acts but by his intentions. For God alone reads our hearts.
Before you build a better mousetrap, it helps to know if there are any mice out there.
Begin somewhere. You cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness, and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
Being a winner is more than getting a first place trophy, it is acting like the effort was an honor and the trophy is just a decoration.
Being an optimist after you've got everything you want doesn't count.
Being committed to some goal in your life – a sense of having a mission, a purpose, even a calling – is a very motivating, very comforting thing. Some people‘s mission steps up to greet them, others have to hunt theirs down.
Being considerate of others will take you further in life than any college degree.
Being idealistic really helps you overcome some of the many obstacles put in your path.
Being right half the time beats being half-right all the time.
Belief always precedes action.
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.
Believe you can and you're half way there.
Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks.
Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
Better a little which is well done, than a great deal imperfectly.
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly.
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Better understated than overstated. Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said.
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together.
Big shots are only little shots who kept shooting.
Biology is the least of what makes someone a mother.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Blushing is the color of virtue.
Books are a real solace, friendships are good but action is better than all.
Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and soon discovered there was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.
Both poverty and riches are the offspring of thought.
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.
Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.
Build upon strengths, and weaknesses will gradually take care of themselves.
But any action is better than no action at all.
But for my faith in God, I should have been a raving maniac.
But the only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
But what we all have to learn is that we can't do everything ourselves.
But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?
By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
Call your family often.
Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.
Can you ―walk what you talk‖ or are you just running your mouth?
Capital as such is not evil; it is the wrong use of capital that is evil.
Capital, in some form or other will always be needed.
Capital punishment is as fundamentally wrong as a cure for crime as charity is wrong as a cure for poverty.
Careers - Be/become the best in the world at whatever you do.
Careers - Do what you love!
Careers - Give it 110% of everything you‘ve got.
Celebrate endings - for they precede new beginnings.
Certainty? In this world nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision.
Champions do not become champions when they win the event, but in the hours, weeks, months and years they spend preparing for it. The victorious performance itself is merely the demonstration of their championship character.
Champions never quit.
Champions RISK what others DARE not; DREAM what others think impossible; DO what others say can't be done.
Change before you have to.
Change does not necessarily assure progress, but progress implacably requires change. Education is essential to change, for education creates both new wants and the ability to satisfy them.
Change in all things is sweet.
Change is based on applied knowledge.
Change is inevitable but personal growth is a choice.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Change yourself and your work will seem different.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
Chaotic action is preferable to orderly inaction.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Character cannot be summoned at the moment of crisis if it has been squandered by years of compromise and rationalization. The only testing ground for the heroic is the mundane. The only preparation for that one profound decision which can change a life, or even a nation, is those hundreds of half-conscious, self-defining, seemingly insignificant decisions made in private. Habit is the daily battleground of character.
Character is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. There are too many people who think that the only thing that's right is to get by, and the only thing that's wrong is to get caught.
Character isn't something you were born with and can't change, like your fingerprints.
It's something you weren't born with and must take responsibility for forming.
Character is higher than intellect. A great soul will be strong to live as well to think.
Character is much easier kept than recovered.
Charity sees the need, not the cause.
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
Cherish all your happy moments: they make a excellent cushion for old age.
Cherish time, your single most valuable resource.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Cherish your visions. Cherish your ideals. Cherish the music that stirs in your heart, the beauty that forms in your mind, the loveliness that drapes your purest thoughts, for out of them will grow all delightful conditions, all heavenly environment, of these, if you but remain true to them your world will at last be built.
Choices -There are two primary choices in life: (A) ―Accept and get used to what‘s going on in your life.
(B) Take personal responsibility for changing them beginning today.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Choose rather to be strong of soul than strong of body.
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.
Circumstance does not make the man, it reveals him to himself.
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.
Clarify your life‘s purpose.
Class is an aura of confidence that is being sure without being cocky. Class has nothing to do with money. Class never runs scared. It is self-discipline and self-knowledge.
It's the sure footedness that comes with having proved you can meet life.
Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.
College isn't the place to go for ideas.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
Coming together, sharing together, working together, succeeding together.
Commit yourself to constant improvement.
Commit yourself to quality.
Commitment – to your purpose. Regardless of the temporary defeats along the way.
Remember the prize at the end of your journey.
Committee - a group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group decide that nothing can be done.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Common sense is the knack of seeing things as they are, and doing things as they ought to be done.
Commonsense is the realized sense of proportion.
Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing.
Communications - the human connection – is the key to personal and career success.
Competence – Out-shine the competition.
Competence starts with guaranteeing your work.
Compensation comes in two forms, money and personal satisfaction. The amount of money you earn may be pre-determined by the industry you work in and who you work for. How much personal satisfaction you receive from your work is strictly up to you and no one else.
Competition is the keen cutting edge of business, always shaving away at costs.
Competition is the spice of sports; but if you make spice the whole meal you'll be sick.
Computers are like the Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus.
Concentrate your energies, your thoughts and your capital. The wise man puts all his eggs in one basket and then, watches the basket.
Concentration is my motto - first honesty, then industry, then concentration.
Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary.
Concern for man and his fate must always form the chief interest of all technical endeavors. Never forget this in the midst of your diagrams and equations.
Confession of errors is like a broom which sweeps away the dirt and leaves the surface brighter and clearer. I feel stronger for confession.
Confidence – Any properly prepared person has the confidence to accomplish anything.
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.
Confidence is contagious and so is lack of confidence, and a customer will recognize both.
Confusion of goals and perfection of means seems, in my opinion, to characterize our age.
Conquer ___________ or __________ will conquer you. (Fill in the blank with whatever you think is standing between you and you being able to achieve your goals.) Conscience is, in most, an anticipation of the opinion of others.
Conscience is that still, small voice that is sometimes too loud for comfort.
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
Conscience warns us before it reproaches us.
Conscious Mind – Your awareness of self and your environment, in real time.
Consider every mistake you make to be an asset. One more thing you now know doesn‘t work so you never have to waste your time trying to do that again.
Consistently, on purpose, do the things today that contribute most to building the best possible future for yourself and the people who depend on you.
Constant development is the law of life, and a man who always tries to maintain his dogmas in order to appear consistent drives himself into a false position.
Constantly seek to improve your manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
Construct your determination with sustained effort, controlled attention, and concentrated energy.
Contentment makes poor men rich; discontent makes rich men poor.
Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking your potential.
Contradictions do not exist. Whenever you think you are facing a contradiction, check your premises. You will find that one of them is wrong.
Could a greater miracle take place than for us to look through each other's eyes for an instant?
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
Courage is a kind of salvation.
Courage is about doing what you‘re afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you‘re scared.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Courage is doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear—not absence of fear.
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
Courage is the mastery of fear, not the absence of fear.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage.
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down Courtesy is as much a mark of a gentleman as courage.
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.
Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire and begin at once, whether you ready or not, to put this plan into action.
Creativity is a natural extension of your enthusiasm.
Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun.
Creativity is the sudden cessation of stupidity.
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
Credentials on the wall do not make you a decent human being.
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
Critical Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
Criticism: Anyone who lives in an environment of criticism, learns to survive by condemning.
Crowded classrooms and half-day sessions are a tragic waste of our greatest national resource – the minds of our children.
Cry with someone. It's more healing than crying alone.
Crystallize your goals. Make a plan for achieving them and set yourself a deadline. Then, with supreme confidence, determination and disregard for obstacles and other people's criticisms, carry out your plan.
Culture changes when the organization is transformed.
Culture does not change because we desire to change it.
Culture of the mind must be subservient to the heart.
Culture reflects the realities of people working together every day.
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom.
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous mind.
Dare to be all that you can be. You can do almost anything. The question is, are you willing?
Dare to be great!
Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven.
Death gives meaning to our lives. It gives importance and value to time. Time would become meaningless if there were too much of it.
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.
Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.
Death is not extinguishing the light; it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come.
Death is not the worst thing that can happen to a man.
Death is nothing. To live a defeated and inglorious life is to be dead on a daily basis.
Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
Debt is not your friend.
Decision is the spark that ignites action. Until a decision is made, nothing happens.
Decision – The mastery of procrastination. (Seventh Step to Success) Decisions – Either you take control of what you think or ‗the world at large‘ will do it for you. Hint: You‘ll be much wiser and a lot happier controlling your own thoughts.
Decisiveness is a characteristic of high-performing men and women. Almost any decision is better than no decision at all.
Defeat doesn't finish a man--quitting does. A man is not finished when he's defeated. He's finished when he quits.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Democracy is a charming form of government, full of variety and disorder; and dispensing a sort of equality to equals and unequals alike.
Democracy passes into despotism.
Derivatives are financial weapons of mass destruction.
Derive happiness in oneself from a good day's work, from illuminating the fog that surrounds us.
Desire – The starting point of all achievement.
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen, white-hot, scorching, pulsating desire which transcends everything else.
Destiny is made known silently.
Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, but of choice. Not something to wish for, but to attain.
Determination is a wake-up call to the human will.
Determine what specific goal you want to achieve. Then, dedicate yourself to its attainment with unswerving singleness of purpose, the trenchant zeal of a crusader.
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.
Dictatorship naturally arises out of democracy, and the most aggravated form of tyranny and slavery out of the most extreme liberty.
Did you ever see an unhappy horse? Did you ever see a bird that had the blues? One reason why birds and horses are not unhappy is because they are not trying to impress other birds and horses.
Difficulties in life are constant and impartial. Not unfair. Impartial.
Dignity consists not in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that we deserve them.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "Nice doggie" until you can find a rock.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Discipline is the foundation upon which all success is built. Lack of discipline inevitably leads to failure.
Discipline usually means doing the opposite of what you feel like doing.
Discipline yourself to save money even on a small salary.
Discontent is the first necessity of progress Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought.
Discretion in speech is more than eloquence.
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.
Disneyland is the star of the show, everything else is the supporting cast.
Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves.
Distrust and caution are the parents of security.
Distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes.
Do good to your friends to keep them, to your enemies to win them.
Do more than is expected of you. From that point on your progress multiplies itself out of all proportion to the effort you put in.
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what never happen. Keep in the sunlight.
Do not be awe struck by other people and try to copy them. Nobody can be you as efficiently as you can.
Do not be too moral. You may cheat yourself out of much life so. Aim above morality.
Be not simply good; be good for something.
Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it. Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many. Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books. Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders. Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations. But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it.
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure till you know there is no hook beneath it.
Do not compromise if you are right. Hold your ground, show no fear, ask for what you want and the opposition will usually agree.
Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress.
Do not depend upon others.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Do not go where the path lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it.
Do not impose on others what you yourself do not desire.
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Do not repeat anything you will not sign your name to.
Do not scatter your powers.
Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.
Do not spend money you haven‘t already earned. No exceptions!
Do not squander time for that is the stuff life is made of.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Do not trouble yourself much to get new things, whether clothes or friends... Sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.
Do not wait for extraordinary circumstances to do good; try to use ordinary situations.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
Do not worry if you have built your castles in the air. They are where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it... that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear.
Do to others as you would have them do to you.
Do what nobody else can do for you.
Do what you can, with what you have to work with until you‘ve earned more of what you need. Bloom where you are planted.
Do what you have to now so you can do what you want to later.
Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still.
Do what you love. Love what you do, and deliver more than you promise.
Do whatever you can to capture, or recapture, your life spark - unless it harms others, in which case suffer with as much happiness as you can muster. Your nobility of spirit will spark itself.
Do you allow your daily decisions to be based on your ―instant-gratification-feelings‖ or ―long-term-logic?‖ Which do you think will help you most to live the life you want to live for the longest period of your life?
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.
Do you mind if I sit back a little? Because your breath is very bad.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.
Do your work with your whole heart and you will succeed. There‘s so little competition at that level.
Does wisdom perhaps appear on the earth as a raven which is inspired by the smell of carrion?
Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards.
Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
Don‘t accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are a wonderful person.
Don't audit life. Show up and make the most of it now.
Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
Don't be afraid to say "no".
Don't be discouraged. It's often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock.
Don't be preoccupied with things over which you have no control, and don't take things personally.
Don't be the reason you don't succeed!
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Don't bring your need to the marketplace, bring your skill. If you don't feel well, tell your doctor, but not the marketplace. If you need money, go to the bank, but not the marketplace.
Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever.
Don‘t compare your life with others‘. You have no idea what their journey is all about.
Don‘t cry because its over, smile because it happened.
Don‘t do anything that wouldn‘t make your Mama proud.
Don't enter into a business relationship with anyone unknown to you without being furnished with references dating back at least 10 years. If he doesn't have good enduring relationships, stay away. Check all representations on which you will rely made by everyone.
Don't feel entitled to anything you didn't sweat and struggle for.
Don't fight a fact, deal with it.
Don't fight the forces, use them to your advantage.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Don't gamble; take all your savings and buy some good stock and hold it till it goes up, then sell it. If it don't go up, don't buy it.
Don't give up at half-time. Concentrate on winning the second half.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was hëre first.
Don't just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
Don‘t let the low times keep you down. Learn from them and reach for the high times.
Don't let schooling interfere with your education.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Don't let yesterday use up too much of today.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped.
Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should accomplish with your ability.‘ Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone, you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
Don‘t start something you‘re not likely to finish. It‘s a waste of your time.
Don't stay in bed, unless you earn your money from there.
Don‘t sweat the small stuff. It‘s all small stuff.
Don't take tomorrow to bed with you tonight.
Don‘t take yourself too seriously. No one else does. Someday, the world will go on… even without you.
Don't tell fish stories where the people know you; but especially, don't tell them where they know the fish.
Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good. I know better. The things I worry about never happen.
Don't try to be different. Just be good. To be good is different enough.
Don't undertake a project unless it is manifestly important and nearly impossible.
Don‘t wait for conditions to be perfect before you start because conditions are never perfect, Don't wait for something big to occur. Start where you are, with what you have, and that will always lead you into something greater.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Don't wait until everything is just right. It will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect conditions. So what. Get started now. With each step you take, you will grow stronger and stronger, more and more skilled, more and more self-confident and more and more successful.
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.
Don‘t wish things were easier. Wish that you were tougher. Be tougher than anything life throws your way and if you can be this tough, there‘s nothing you want, you can‘t have.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down other people's throats.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff that life is made of.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
Drag your thoughts away from your troubles... by the ears, by the heels, or any other way you can manage it.
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
Dream big!
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be; your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil.
Dream more while you are awake.
Dreams are necessary to life.
Dreams are the touchstones of our character.
Dreams pass into reality from your actions. There is a interdependence between your dreams, your actions and what you receive from life. This interdependence produces the highest possible form of living.
Drop the idea that you are Atlas carrying the world on your shoulders. The world will go on long after you‘re gone. Don‘t take life so seriously; don't take yourself so seriously.
Each contact with a human being is so rare, so precious. One should preserve it forever.
Each friend represents a unique, one of a kind, world of joy waiting within ourselves. A world not yet born until they become a part of our lives. It is only by this meeting that you are elevated to this level of happiness.
Each man must for himself alone decide what is right and what is wrong, which course of personal actions will lead to the maximum level of positive benefits for self, family, community and country. And, which personal actions benefit no one but self. You cannot shirk this duty and still be an honorable man.
Each misfortune you encounter today carries with it, the seed of tomorrow's good luck.
Each new day is one more fresh opportunity for you to ‗get it right‘.
Each night before you go to bed, complete the following statements: ―I am thankful for _____; _____; _____.‖ ―Today I accomplished _____; _____; _____.‖ Each of us is great insofar as we perceive and act on the infinite possibilities which lie undiscovered and unrecognized about us.
Each one has to find his peace from within. And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances.
Each one prays to God according to his own light.
Each year one vicious habit discarded, in time might make the worst among us a good person.
Earn more than you spend. No exceptions!
Eat to please yourself, but dress to please others.
Eddy Arnold says the path that leads to success s 90% just showing up; have a good lawyer and CPA.
Edison failed 10, 000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
Education: Being able to differentiate between what you do know and what you don't. It's knowing where to go to find out what you need to know; and it's knowing how to use the information once you get it.
Education comes from within; you get it by struggle and effort and thought.
Education consists mainly of what we have unlearned.
Education is a precondition to your survival in the world you live in.
Education is always painfully slow.
Education is for improving the lives of others and for leaving your community and world better than you found it.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment; it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way.
Education: You don‘t have to make the effort to learn anything… but once.
Education's primary purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Educators teach disciples, imitators, and routinists, they are not pioneers of new ideas and creative genius. Government run schools are not nurseries of progress and improvement, but conservatories of tradition and unvarying modes of thought.
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know.
Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing about.
Either you control your attitude or it controls you.
Either you repeat the same conventional doctrines everybody else is saying, or else you can say something that‘s actually true.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Empire builders spend hour-after-hour on mental work... while others party. If you're not consciously aware of putting forth the effort to exert self-guided integrated thinking... if you limit your actions to your feelings, and then, take the path of least resistance, you give in to laziness, which leads to bad decisions and no longer control your life. The most powerful way to insulate yourself from all distractions that lead to poor thinking, poor actions, poor results, is to write your problem or goal on a sheet of paper and force yourself to come up with at least 20 ways to solve your problem or reach your goal. The last solutions are the toughest and are usually the most life changing. Make this exercise a life-long habit.
Employ your time in improving yourself through the writings of the men and women who came before you so you can easily have what others had to labor so hard for.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Engage the best qualified employees.
Enjoy life. Treat it as an adventure. Care passionately about the outcome, but keep it in perspective.
Enjoy the ride. Life is not Disney World and you certainly don‘t want a Fast Pass. Make the most of your life.
Enjoy the thing you do for a living and you‘ll never work a day in your life.
Enter every activity without giving mental recognition to the possibility of defeat. Concentrate on your strengths, instead of your weaknesses... on your powers, instead of your problems.
Entire ignorance is not so terrible or extreme an evil, and is far from being the greatest Of all; too much cleverness and too much learning, accompanied with ill bringing-up, are far more fatal.
Enthusiasm covers many deficiencies - and will make others want to associate with you.
Enthusiasm glows, radiates, permeates and immediately captures everyone's interest.
Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes shine to the stars. Enthusiasm is the sparkle in your eyes, the swing in your gait. The grip of your hand, the irresistible surge of will and energy to execute your ideas.
Enthusiasm is the yeast that raises the dough.
Envy is a waste of time. You already have all you need.
Equal Pay for Equal Work.
Even a dead fish ―goes with the flow.‖ Swimming against the current is where you‘ll find life‘s better rewards.
Even a fool knows you can't touch the stars, but it doesn't stop a wise man from trying.
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.
Even a mistake turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.
Even a turtle has to stick his neck out before he moves.
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.
Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth.
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there.
Even if you‘re not sure what to do at this moment, don‘t throw away an hour trying to figure it out.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Even on the most exalted throne in the world we are only sitting on our own bottom.
Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
Even though technology may change, people‘s motivations never change.
Even when I'm old and gray, I won't be able to play it, but I'll still love the game. Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game.
Even when you think you have no more to give, when a friend cries out to you you will find the strength to help.
Every act you have ever performed since the day you were born was performed because you wanted something.
Every action and feeling is preceded by a thought.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit.
Every business is in sales. They either sell a product or service. Your first business was likely to have been baby sitting or cutting neighbor‘s lawns (you were selling a service). Your customer was your boss and your boss was your customer. Heads up! It‘s always going to be this way whether you‘re an employee or are self-employed. To the degree you meet your ―customers needs‖, you‘ll always be employed. The only real job security is you do what you do better than anyone else.
Every buying opportunity is going to cost you. Many times, what it costs NOT to buy a product or service can cost you many times more than the purchase price. Weigh the cost-to-benefit ratio before you make your final decision.
Every choice you make has an end result.
Every company has room for the man who has a definite plan of action which is to the advantage of that company.
Every creative act is a sudden cessation of stupidity.
Every creature is better alive than dead, men and moose and pine trees, and he who understands it aright will rather preserve its life than destroy it.
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.
Every day should be a celebration of your life and existence.
Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time." Every evening, write down the six most important things that you must do the next day. Then while you sleep, your subconscious will work on the best ways for you to accomplish them. Your next day will go much more smoothly.
Every formula of every religion has in this age of reason, to submit to the acid test of reason and universal assent.
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.
Every great artist was first an amateur.
Every great film should seem new every time you see it.
Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.
Every human being has... an attendant spirit.... If it does not always tell us what to do, it always cautions us what not to do.
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence.
Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice.
Every man casts a shadow; not his body only, but his imperfectly mingled spirit. This is his grief. Let him turn which way he will, it falls opposite to the sun; short at noon, long at eve. Did you never see it?
Every man dies. Not every man truly lives.
Every man over forty is responsible for his face.
Every man's memory is his private literature.
Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such. – Every moment think steadily as a Roman and a man to do what thou hast in hand with perfect and simple dignity, and feeling of affection, and freedom, and justice; and to give thyself relief from all other thoughts. And thou wilt give thyself relief, if thou doest every act of thy life as if it were the last, laying aside all carelessness and passionate aversion from the commands of reason, and all hypocrisy, and self-love, and discontent with the portion which has been given to thee.
Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up. It knows it must outrun the fastest lion or it will be killed. Every morning in Africa, a lion wakes up. It knows it must run faster than the slowest gazelle, or it will starve. It doesn‘t matter whether you‘re a lion or a gazelle-when the sun comes up, you‘d better be running. – Source Unknown Every morning you are handed 24 golden hours. They are one of the few things in this world that you get free of charge. If you had all the money in the world, you couldn't buy an extra hour. What will you do with this priceless treasure? Remember, you must use it, as it is given only once. Once wasted you cannot get it back.
Every new day begins with possibilities. It's up to us to fill it with the things that move us toward progress and peace.
Every obnoxious act is a cry for help.
Every people have gods to suit their circumstances.
Every person is responsible for all the good within the scope of his abilities.
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to cut all sources of retreat. Only by doing so can one be sure of maintaining that state of mind known as a burning desire to win - essential to success.
Every problem contains in it, the seeds of its own solution. If you don't have any problems, you don't get any seeds.
Every religion is true one way or another. It is true when understood metaphorically. But when it gets stuck in its own metaphors, interpreting them as facts, then you are in trouble.
Every scientific truth goes through three states: first, people say it conflicts with the Bible; next, they say it has been discovered before; lastly, they say they always believed it.
Every sweet has its sour; every evil its good.
Every time I've done something that doesn't feel right, it's ended up not being right.
Every time you tear a leaf off a calendar, you present a new place for new ideas and progress.
Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before.
Every wall is a door.
Every wrong seems possible today, and is accepted. I don't accept it.
Everybody has to be able to participate in a future that they want to live for. That's what technology can do.
Everybody hears, but few listen.
Everybody in the real world will agree - the moment a project is behind deadline, quality assurance tends to go out the window.
Everybody needs somebody in whose eyes they shine. Hopefully, that would be the person you married.
Everyone complains of his memory, but no one complains of his judgment.
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.
Everyone has a success mechanism and a failure mechanism. The failure mechanism goes off by itself. The success mechanism only goes off with a goal. Every time we write down and talk about a goal, we push the button to start the success mechanism.
Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your ultimate potential is!" (Anne Frank) Everyone has limits on the time they can devote to exercise, and cross-training simply gives you the best return on your investment balanced fitness with minimum injury risk and maximum fun.
Everyone lives by selling something.
Everyone is born a genius, but the process of living de-geniuses them.
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.
Everyone who will can hear the inner voice. It is within everyone.
Everything becomes a little different as soon as it is spoken out loud.
Everything begins with an idea.
Everything can change in the blink of an eye. But don't worry; God never blinks.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content.
Everything in life is a trade-off. You give up something when you get something. You get something when you give up something.
Everything in the universe expands and that includes the ideas you allow in your head.
Everything in the universe functions in cycles. Winter always follows fall. Spring follows winter. Summer follows spring. Fall follows summer. Day follows night. Night follows day. Good times follow bad times. Bad times follow good times. Plan your future knowing in advance that things are not always going to be as good/bad as they are today. The best surprise is no surprise.
Everything in the universe is some form of energy, including your thoughts. Thoughts translate into doing. Doing translates into being. You become what you think about. You are who you think you are. Be careful what you think.
Everything in the world we want to do or get done, we must do with and through people.
Everything in this book is a ‗what to do‘ suggestion so you can be better than you were. The really big question is not ‗WHAT to do‘ but, ‗HOW do you do it?‘ Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else.
Everything is temporary. On the worst day of your life remember, everything is temporary. On the best day of your life remember, everything is temporary.
Everything mankind has ever created, started off as nothing more than a single thought in one person‘s mind.
Everything should be as simple as it is, but not simpler.
Everything, since the beginning of time, began as an idea in one person‘s mind.
Everything that can be counted does not necessarily count; everything that counts cannot necessarily be counted.
Everything that goes up must come down. But there comes a time when not everything that's down can come up.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
Everything that's really worthwhile in life comes to us.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
Everything you are seeking is seeking you in return. Therefore, everything you want is already yours. So, you don‘t have to get anything. It is simply a matter of becoming more aware of what you already possess.
Everything you have ever done, started off as a thought in your own mind.
Evil deeds do not prosper; the slow man catches up with the swift.
Evil requires the sanction of the victim.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
Excellence always has a buyer.
Excellence always sells.
Excellence is not an act. The foundation of excellence is habitually doing what started out as a conscience thought to repeatedly do what you‘re doing better than you used to do it until, without realizing it, you don‘t consciously think about it any longer.
Excellence is the best antidote to racism or sexism.
Excess generally causes reaction, and produces a change in the opposite direction, whether it be in the seasons, or in individuals, or in governments.
Excess of liberty, whether it lies in state or individuals, seems only to pass into excess of slavery.
Execute all of your personal and business plans with passion and precision.
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Exercise is 30% of improving your body‘s health. The other 70% is making the right food choices.
Expect less from others and more from yourself.
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Experience is a dear teacher, but fools will learn no other way.
Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age.
Experience is not what happens to you. It's what you do about what happens to you.
Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing.
Experience is the teacher of all things.
Experience is what you get when you don‘t get what you want.
Experience isn't interesting until it begins to repeat itself. In fact, till it does that, it hardly is experience.
Experience shows that success is due less to ability than to zeal. The winner is he who gives himself to his work, body and soul.
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Experience teaches slowly and at the cost of mistakes.
Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it.
Face your fears and doubts, and new worlds will open to you.
Faced with the choice between changing one's mind and proving that there is no need to do so, almost everyone gets busy on the proof.
Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.
Facts are facts and will not disappear on account of your likes.
Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.
Facts are stupid until brought into connection with some general law.
Failure comes only when we forget our ideals and objectives and principles.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.
Failure is impossible.
Failure is, in a sense, the highway to success, inasmuch as every discovery of what is false leads us to seek earnestly after what is true, and every fresh experience points out some form of error which we shall afterwards carefully avoid.
Failure is not a single, cataclysmic event. You don't fail overnight. Instead, failure is a few errors in judgement, repeated every day.
Failure is not the worst thing in the world, The very worst is not to try.
Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again.
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Failure is the asphalt used to pave the highway to success.
Failure is the best teacher of all. It teaches you one more thing that won‘t work.
Failure is ‗the fertile potting soil‘ from which all great achievements and successes grow.
Failure lies not in falling down. Failure lies in not getting up.
Failure presents you with the opportunity to start over again more intelligently.
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Failure to follow through on a good idea is the cause of most failures.
Failure will never overtake you if your determination to succeed is strong enough.
The inventor of WD-40 failed 39 times before the 40th formula worked.
Thomas Edison failed 1100 times before he found the one way to create an electric light bulb.
Fair peace becomes men; ferocious anger belongs to beasts.
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Faith is much better than belief. Belief is when someone else does the thinking.
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.
Faith is taking the first step even when you can‘t see the whole staircase.
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.
Faith is the twin brother of doubt.
Faith keeps many doubts in her pay. If I could not doubt, I should not believe.
Faith must be enforced by reason... when faith becomes blind it dies.
Faith never makes a confession.
Faith - Visualize your desire. Believe you can achieve your desire.
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.
Familiarity breeds contempt - and children.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Far away there in the sunshine… are my highest aspirations. I may not reach them, but I can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow where they lead.
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
Fatigue is the best pillow.
Fatigue makes cowards of us all.
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
Fear exists only in the mind.
Fear has its use but cowardice has none.
Fear is nothing more than a state of mind.
Fear of death makes us devoid both of valor and religion. For want of valor is want of religious faith.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
Feeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition, is not only a waste of time and energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push - a smile. A word of optimism and hope, a 'you can do it!' when things are tough.
Fewer people die from hunger; most die from over-eating Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isn't.
Fill your life with positive expectations. Demand the best.
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Find an excuse to laugh every chance you get, especially when you least feel like it.
Find out what works, and then do more of it.
Find the person who will love you because of your differences and not in spite of them and you have found a lover for life.
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; begin it well and serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
First ask yourself: What is the worst that can happen? Then prepare to accept it. Then proceed to improve on the worst.
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
First impressions are lasting impressions. Put your best foot forward.
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
First say to yourself what you would be, and then, do what you have to do.
First you forget names, then you forget faces. Next you forget to pull your zipper up and finally, you forget to pull it down.
Five years from now your life will be pretty much the same as it is today with two tremendous exceptions: what you have learned from the books you have read and the people you are closest to.
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will never forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you.
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.
Focus first on doing the right things, and then on doing things right by mastering details.
Focused, sustained, disciplined action toward a predetermined goal is what counts the most.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
Follow your dreams, believe in yourself and never give up.
Follow your instincts. That's where true wisdom manifests itself.
Football is a great deal like life in that it teaches that work, sacrifice, perseverance, competitive drive, selflessness and respect for authority is the price each and every one of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
Football is like life -- it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication, and respect for authority.
For a man to conquer himself is the noblest of all victories.
For all sad words of tongue and pen, The saddest are these, 'It might have been'.
For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent.
For each important action you take, ask yourself if you would be embarrassed if it were published.
For every disciplined effort/action, there is a multiple reward.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
For every person who doubts you, tells you you will fail, try twice as hard to prove them wrong.
For every problem, there is one solution which is simple, neat and wrong.
For everyone of us that succeeds, it's because there's somebody there to show you the way out.
For good nurture and education implant good constitutions.
For last year's words belong to last year's language. And next year's words await another voice. And to make an end is to make a beginning.
For maximum profits, identify and market universal needs, wants and trends. Creating desire, satisfying needs and wants and replacing problems with creative innovations are the essence of profit generation.
For me every ruler is alien that defies public opinion.
For the first half of your life, people tell you what you should do; for the second half, they tell you what you should have done.
For the human mind is seldom at stay: If you do not grow better, you will most undoubtedly grow worse.
For the introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling the whole state; since styles of music are never disturbed without affecting the most important political institutions.
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now?
Force always attracts men of low morality.
Force and mind are opposites; morality ends where a gun begins.
Forget the resolutions. Forget control and discipline... too much work. Instead try experimenting.
Forget the times of your distress, but never forget what they taught you.
Forgive everyone for everything.
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.
Formal education will make you a living, self-education will make you a fortune.
Formulate and stamp indelibly on your mind a mental picture of yourself as succeeding. Hold this picture tenaciously. Never permit it to fade. Your mind will seek to develop the picture... Do not create obstacles in your imagination.
Fortunate is the one who finds wisdom and the one who finds understanding, for they are more profitable than silver and yield better returns than gold.
Fortune does not change men; it unmasks them.
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.
Four things you cannot recover: (1) The stone… after you‘ve thrown it. (2) The word… after you‘ve said it. (3) The opportunity… after you‘ve missed it. (4) Time… after you‘ve wasted it.
Frame every so-called disaster with these words ''In five years, will this matter?".
Freedom from the desire for an answer is essential to the understanding of a problem.
Freedom is never dear at any price. It is the breath of life. What would a man not pay for living?
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
Freedom is the oxygen without which science cannot breathe.
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
Friendship is the golden thread that ties the heart of all the world.
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
From small beginnings come great things.
From success you get a lot of things, but not that great inside thing that love brings you.
From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate.
From the smallest necessity to the highest religious abstraction, from the wheel to the skyscraper, everything we are and everything we have comes from one attribute of man - the function of his reasoning mind.
Front yards are not made to walk in, but, at most, through, and you could go in the back way.
Gain is usually temporary and uncertain; but while you live, your expenses are constant and certain.
Games lubricate the body and the mind.
Generally speaking, a howling wilderness does not howl: it is the imagination of the traveler that does the howling.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Genius is the gold in the mine; talent is the miner who works and brings it out.
Genius is usually nothing more than superior preparation.
Genius without education is like owning a mine that has undiscovered silver still hidden within it.
Gentleness, self-sacrifice and generosity are the exclusive possession of no one race or religion.
Get crystal-clear about what it is you want.
Get happiness out of your work or you never know what happiness is.
Get into a line of work that you will find to be a deep personal interest, something you really enjoy spending twelve to fifteen hours a day working at, and the rest of the time thinking about.
Get outside every day. Miracles are waiting everywhere.
Get rid of anything that isn‘t useful, beautiful or joyful.
Get someone else to blow your horn and the sound will carry twice as far.
Get your facts first.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Getting ahead in a difficult profession requires avid faith in yourself. That is why some people with mediocre talent, but with great inner drive, go much further than people with vastly superior talent.
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority.
Getting people to like you is merely the other side of you liking them.
Gandhi's list of the seven blunders of the world: Wealth without work; Pleasure without conscience; Rights without responsibilities; Commerce without morality; Science without humanity; Worship without sacrifice; Politics without principle.
Give light and people will find the way.
Give people more than they expect and do it cheerfully.
Give so much time to the improvement of yourself you have no time left over to criticize others.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process.
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
Glory lies in the attempt to reach one's goal and not in reaching it.
Go before the people with your example, and be laborious in their affairs.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
Go in search of something to fall in love with... something about yourself, your career, your spouse.
Goals allow you to be the one who controls the direction of change in your own life.
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us. They are essential to really keep us alive.
Goals: Assume the attitude that if you don't reach your goals, you will literally die! This type of gun-to-your-head forced focus... survival pressure mindset, no matter how briefly used, stimulates your mind, forces you to use your time effectively... and illuminates new ways of getting things done.
Goals must never be from your ego, but problems that cry for a solution.
God... a being whose only definition is that he is beyond man's power to conceive.
God always takes the simplest way.
God, as Truth, has been for me a treasure beyond price. May He be so to every one of us.
God does not play dice.
God doesn't require us to succeed; he only requires that you try.
God forgives your sins, but your nervous system won't.
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless.
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
God is a metaphor for that which trancends all levels of intellectual thought. It's as simple as that.
God is, even though the whole world deny him. Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.
God is not finished with me yet.
God helps those who help themselves.
God loves you because of who God is, not because of anything you did or didn't do.
God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board.
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean.
God sometimes does try to the uttermost those whom he wishes to bless.
God's delays are not God's denials.
Going into a business venture with partners or investors is like going to a wedding.
Everybody loves everybody. When it‘s time to divide the profits the atmosphere is more like a bitter divorce. Don‘t be surprised, expect it and be totally prepared.
Golden-Rule #1 of Management: Manage others the way you would like to be managed.
Golf is a game whose aim is to hit a very small ball into an even smaller hole, with weapons singularly ill-designed for the purpose.
Golf is a good walk spoiled.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Good advice is like good paint, it only works if it‘s applied.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best.
Good breeding consists in concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person.
Good friends are like the stars. You don‘t always see them but, you know they‘re always there.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.
Good things happen to those who hustle.
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit.
Good timber does not grow with ease. The stronger the wind the stronger the trees.
Goodness is beauty in the best estate.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Government "help" to business is just as disastrous as government persecution... the only way a government can be of service to national prosperity is by keeping its hands off.
Gratitude is a life enhancing attitude that leads to happiness. Maintaining an attitude of gratitude will significantly transform your life for the better. If you‘re constantly blaming, complaining, criticizing, feeling tension, in a bad mood, or rushing… you can‘t, at the same time, be enjoying any of the many benefits that come with a habitual attitude-of-gratitude.
Gratitude is an attitude that hooks us up to our source of supply. And the more grateful you are, the closer you become to your maker, to the architect of the universe, to the spiritual core of your being. It's a phenomenal lesson.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Gray skies are just clouds passing over.
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.
Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it perform very good or very bad acts. All depends on the principals which direct them.
Great beginnings are not as important as the way one finishes.
Great discoveries and improvements invariably involve the cooperation of many minds. I may be given credit for having blazed the trail, but when I look at the subsequent developments I feel the credit is due to others rather than to myself.
Great ideas originate in the muscles.
Great men, unknown to their generation, have their fame among the great who have preceded them, and all true worldly fame subsides from their high estimate beyond the stars.
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes.
Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Great success in examinations does naturally not as a rule go with originality of thought.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength.
Grief can take care if itself, but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
Grief is the agony of an instant, the indulgence of grief the blunder of a life.
Growing old beats the alternative -- dying young.
Guard well within yourself that treasure known as kindness. Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness.
Guided missiles have them. Planes have them. Ships have them. Do you have one? A navigation system that absolutely, positively, guarantees that 100% of the time, the ultimate destination is the only place they‘re going. In life they‘re called ‗goals.‘ To move your desires through ‗the want-wish-reality phases,‘ (1) Decide you want it. That‘s the only real requirement for what you deserve. (2) Write down what you want. (3) Add a ‗drop dead‘ deadline for its completion. (4) Daily, read and re-read your goal at every opportunity until you have what you want.
Guilt enslaves you. Responsibility liberates you.
Guys are like coconuts; hard on the outside and soft on the inside! No matter how tough or robust they may appear, they bear a heart which can melt with a little warmth.
Habit is habit and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time.
Half a man's wisdom goes with his courage.
Half a truth is often a great lie.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it‘s totally governed by our own mental attitudes.
Happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
Happiness is a butterfly, which, when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, alight upon you.
Happiness is a by-product of doing something else.
Happiness is a continuation of happenings which are not resisted.
Happiness is a direction, not a place.
Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances.
Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family… in another city.
Happiness is mental harmony; unhappiness is mental inharmony.
Happiness is not best achieved by those who seek it directly.
Happiness is not getting what you want. It‘s wanting what you get.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.
Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don't even remember leaving open.
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.
Happiness is wanting what you get. It‘s not about always ―getting what you want.‖ Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are all in harmony.
Happiness never diminishes because it was shared.
Hardly any human being is capable of pursuing two professions or two arts rightly.
Harmony is one phase of the law whose spiritual expression is love.
Haste makes waste, no less in life than in housekeeping. Keep track of the time.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule.
Have a great idea. Have a lot of them.
Have a grateful heart.
Have a very good reason for everything you do.
Have compassion for all beings, rich and poor alike; each has their suffering. Some suffer too much, others too little.
Have fun. The single key to a successful happy life is finding a vocation you enjoy - one that excites you the most.
Have no fear of robbers or murderers. They are external dangers, petty dangers. We should fear ourselves. Prejudices are the real robbers; vices the real murders. The great dangers are within us. Why worry about what threatens our heads or purses? Let us think instead of what threatens our souls.
Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections but instantly set about remedying them - every day begin the task anew.
Have strict and total respect for other people's property.
Having been poor is no shame, but being ashamed of it, is.
Having once decided to achieve a certain task, achieve it at all costs of tedium and distaste. The gain in self-confidence of having accomplished a tiresome labor is immense.
He had discovered a great law of human action, without knowing it - namely, that in order to make a man or a boy covets a thing, it is only necessary to make the thing difficult to obtain.
He has the most who is most content with the least.
He has the right to criticize who has the heart to help.
He is a man of courage who does not run away, but remains at his post and fights against the enemy.
He is able who thinks he is able.
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
He that can have patience can have what he will.
He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave.
He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
He that lives upon hope will die fasting.
He that rises late must hustle all day trying to catch up.
He that teaches us anything which we knew not before is undoubtedly to be reverenced as a master.
He that waits upon fortune, is never sure of a dinner.
He that won't be counseled can't be helped.
He that would have fruit must climb the tree.
He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees.
He who asks a question be a fool for five minutes, but he who never asks a question remains a fool forever.
He who asks a question is a fool for a minute; he who does not remains a fool forever.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask is a fool forever.
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed.
He who commits injustice is ever made more wretched than he who suffers it.
He who errs must pay. This is an easy concept to grasp from the recipient's end.
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
He who has learned to disagree without being disagreeable has discovered the most valuable secret of a diplomat.
He who is not a good servant will not be a good master.
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have.
He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden.
He who is good at making excuses is seldom good at anything else He who is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing anything for money.
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice.
He who knows others is learned; he who knows himself is wise.
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
He who loves 50 people has 50 woes; he who loves no one has no woes.
He who never sacrificed a present to a future good or a personal to a general one can speak of happiness only as the blind do of colors.
He who reigns within himself and rules his passions, desires, and fears is more than a king.
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.
He who steals a little steals with the same wish as he who steals much, but with less power.
He who would accomplish little must sacrifice little; he who would achieve much must sacrifice much; he who would attain highly must sacrifice greatly.
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.
He's no failure. He's not dead yet.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Healthy discontent is the prelude to progress.
Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.
Heaven means to be one with God.
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.
Heroes are the people who do what has to be done, when it needs to be done, regardless of the consequences.
Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them!
Hide not your talents. They were made for you to use wisely. What value is a sundial in the shade?
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
High achievers spot rich opportunities swiftly, make big decisions quickly and move into action immediately. Follow these principles and you can make your dreams come true.
High self-esteem can only come from moral productivity and achievement.
History has demonstrated that the most notable winners usually encountered heartbreaking obstacles before they triumphed. They won because they refused to become discouraged by their defeats.
History has repeatedly shown that when a new method or material becomes available, new uses for it arise.
Hitch your wagon to a star.
Hold a picture of ‗the future you‘ long and steadily enough in your mind's eye, and you will automatically be drawn toward it.
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress.
Honest hearts produce honest actions.
Honesty is always the best policy.
Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom.
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
Hope is the physician of each misery.
House guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days.
How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?
How beautifully leaves grow old. How full of light and color are their last days.
How can any man be weak who dares to be at all?
How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another in the waking state?
How could youths better learn to live than by at once trying the experiment of living?
How do you know… that you know… that you know? When you have (L)LEARNED something so well you )U)UNDERSTAND the information and then, can (T)TEACH it to someone else so well they too understand it and also (A) APPLY the knowledge for your benefit. The acronym is, ‗LUTA‘. Remember, you only have to learn something once. After that, you own it. Your LUTA‘s are you servants in life. Once you possess an idea or group of ideas that fit all four criteria, these ideas will obediently serve you throughout your life.
How does it become a man to behave towards the American government today? I answer, that he cannot without disgrace be associated with it.
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world.
How far you go in life depends on you being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and the strong. Because someday in life you will have been all of these.
How few there are who have courage enough to own up to their own faults, or enough resolve to mend them.
How few words say what has to be said?
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
How is one to live a moral and compassionate existence when one finds darkness not only in one's culture but within oneself? There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions. You continue to live them out, making your life a worthy expression of leaning into the light.
How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success?
How many things there are concerning which we might well deliberate whether we had better know them.
How much do you want to grow in life? Better question: How much are you willing to grow?
How much pain have cost us the evils which have never happened.
How much you know has zero value without action.
How strange that nature does not knock, and yet does not intrude!
How to get more of what you want: Always attract. Never attack.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself.
However good or bad a situation is it will change.
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act upon them?
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge.
Human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.
Human beings must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it.
Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.
Humor must not professedly teach and it must not professedly preach, but it must do both if it would live forever.
I always knew I was destined for greatness.
I always knew I was going to be rich. I don't think I ever doubted it for a minute.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.
I always remember an epitaph which is in the cemetery at Tombstone, Arizona. It says: 'Here lies Jack Williams. He done his damnedest.' I think that is the greatest epitaph a man can have.
I am a great believer in luck. I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
I am a great believer that any tool that enhances communication has profound effects in terms of how people can learn from each other, and how they can achieve the kind of freedoms that they're interested in.
I am a spiritual person living in a human body, not a human body with a spirit.
I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.
I am always busy, which is perhaps the chief reason why I am always well.
I am always willing to learn, however I do not always like to be taught.
I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened.
I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all.
I am beginning to suspect all elaborate and special systems of education. They seem to me to be built upon the supposition that every child is a kind of idiot who must be taught to think. Whereas if the child is left to himself, he will think more and better, if less "showily". Let him come and go freely, let him touch real things and combine his impressions for himself... Teaching fills the mind with artificial associations that must be got rid of before the child can develop independent ideas out of actual experiences.
I am called a dog because I fawn on those who give me anything, I yelp at those who refuse, and I set my teeth in rascals.
I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence, I can reach for; perfection is God's business.
I am entirely certain that twenty years from now we will look back at education as it is practiced in most schools today and wonder why we tolerated anything so primitive.
I am here for a purpose and that purpose is to grow into a mountain, not to shrink to a grain of sand. Henceforth will I apply ALL my efforts to become the highest mountain of all and I will strain my potential until it cries for mercy.
I am, indeed, a king, because I know how to rule myself.
I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can't be done.
I am more afraid of my own heart than of the Pope and all his cardinals. I have within me the great pope, Self.
I am more and more convinced that our happiness or our unhappiness depends far more on the way we meet the events of life than on the nature of those events themselves.
I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
I am not influenced by the techniques or fashions of any other competitor.
I am not judged by the number of times I fail but by the number of times I succeed, and the number of times I succeed is in direct proportion to the number of times I can fail and keep trying.
I am only one, but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something; and because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do something that I can do.
I am opposed to the laying down of rules or conditions to be observed in the construction of bridges lest the progress of improvement tomorrow might be embarrassed or shackled by recording or registering as law the prejudices or errors of today.
I am prepared to die, but there is no cause for which I am prepared to kill.
I am proud of the fact that I never invented weapons to kill.
I am sorry to think that you do not get a man's most effective criticism until you provoke him. Severe truth is expressed with some bitterness.
I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose.
I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing.
I believe that it is better to tell the truth than a lie. I believe it is better to be free than to be a slave. And I believe it is better to know than to be ignorant.
I'm black, I don't feel burdened by it and I don't think it's a huge responsibility. It's part of who I am. It does not define me.
I'm not telling you it is going to be easy - I'm telling you it's going to be worth it.
I believe, along with many others, that you must first ask for what you want before you can have it.
I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesn't need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about.
I believe in being an innovator.
I believe in equality for everyone, except reporters and photographers.
I believe in the fundamental truth of all great religions of the world.
I believe that a man is the strongest soldier for daring to die unarmed.
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.
I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act.
I believe that the majority of miseries of any man are brought upon himself by falsely estimating the value of the things he has.
I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, No, I won't do it, I won't behave his way anymore. I'm lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving and then you do it.
I bet after seeing America today, George Washington would sue us for calling him "father." I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me.
I can enjoy society in a room; but out of doors, nature is company enough for me.
I can give you a six-word formula for success: Think things through then follow through.
I can live for two months on a good compliment.
I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
I can see, and that is why I can be happy, in what you call the dark, but which to me is golden. I can see a God-made world, not a manmade world.
I can't afford to die; I'd lose too much money.
I cannot discover that anyone knows enough to say definitely what is and what is not possible.
I cannot afford to waste my time for the sole purpose of making money.
I cast my bread on the waters long ago. Now it's time for you to send it back to me – toasted and buttered on both sides.
I challenge you to make your life a masterpiece. I challenge you to join the ranks of those people who live what they teach, who walk what they talk.
I claim that human mind or human society is not divided into watertight compartments called social, political and religious. All act and react upon one another.
I claim to be a simple individual liable to err like any other fellow mortal. I own, however, that I have humility enough to confess my errors and to retrace my steps.
I consider high-speed data transmission an invention that became a major innovation. It changed the way we all communicate.
I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when it was my time to die, discover that I had not yet lived.
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
I did not wish to take a cabin passage, but rather to go before the mast and on the deck of the world, for there I could best see the moonlight amid the mountains. I do not wish to go below now.
I did not use paint, I made myself up morally.
I didn't just jump back on the bike and win. There were a lot of ups and downs, good results and bad results, but this time I didn't let the lows get to me.
I discovered a long time ago that if I helped people get what they wanted, I would always get what I wanted and I would never have to worry.
I do all the evil I can before I learn to shun it. Is it not enough to know the evil to shun It. If not, we should be sincere enough to admit that we love evil too well to give it up.
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with common sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
I do not know whether there are gods, but there ought to be.
I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things.
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.
I do not want the peace which passeth understanding, I want the understanding which bringeth peace.
I do not want to foresee the future. I am concerned with taking care of the present. God has given me no control over the moment following.
I do not want to waste any time. And if you are not working on important things, you are wasting time.
I don't believe in dying. It's been done. I'm working on a new exit. Besides, I can't die now - I'm booked.
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
I don't make deals for the money. I've got enough, much more than I'll ever need. I do it to do it.
I don't believe in pessimism. If something doesn't come up the way you want, forge ahead. If you think it's going to rain, it will.
I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive.
I don't build in order to have clients. I have clients in order to build.
I don't have any focus groups on talent and programming. If I need five people in a mall to be paid $40 to tell me how to do my job, I shouldn't do my job.
I don't have to have faith, I have experience.
I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars: I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over.
I don't think anything is unrealistic if you believe you can do it. I think if you are determined enough and willing to pay the price, you can get it done.
I don't think of myself as a poor deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, and I had to make good.
I don't think you ever stop giving. I really don't. I think it's an on-going process. And it's not just about being able to write a check. It's being able to touch somebody's life.
I don't wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has got to get down to work.
I don't want to come to the end of my life and find that I have just lived the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
I don't want to think about how many people have thought or still think that I'm crazy.
I don't work on a project unless I believe that it will dramatically improve life for a bunch of people.
I didn't fail the test, I just found 100 ways to do it wrong.
I earn my money doing what I did as a hobby as a kid. And now, I make a living at it. And I just feel like I'm one of the luckiest guys in the world.
I exhort you also to take part in the great combat, which is the combat of life, and greater than every other earthly conflict.
I feel sorry for the person who can't get genuinely excited about his work. Not only will he never be satisfied, but he will never achieve anything worthwhile.
I feel that luck is preparation meeting opportunity.
I figure lots of predictions is best. People will forget the ones I get wrong and marvel over the rest.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is the moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle-victorious.
I forgot that every little action of the common day makes or unmakes character.
I guess there is nothing that will get your mind off everything like golf. I have never been depressed enough to take up the game, but they say you get so sore at yourself you forget to hate your enemies.
I had the blues because I had no shoes until upon the street; I met a man who had no feet.
I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
I had to gain experience as I did not have a technical education.
I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.
I have a great deal of company in the house, especially in the morning when nobody calls.
I have a job that I truly love, and an enormous crew of people that can do things better than I can!
I have a lot of things to prove to myself. One is that I can live my life fearlessly.
I have a problem with too much money. I can't reinvest it fast enough, and because I reinvest it, more money comes in. Yes, the rich do get richer.
I have a very strong feeling that the opposite of love is not hate - it's apathy. It's not giving a damn.
I have also seen children successfully surmounting the effects of an evil inheritance. That is due to purity being an inherent attribute of the soul.
I have always been regretting that I was not as wise as the day I was born.
I have always recognized that the object of business is to make money in an honorable manner. I have endeavored to remember that the object of life is to do good.
I have always thought the actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts.
I have been complimented many times and they always embarrass me; I always feel that they have not said enough.
I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it.
I have continued to work at different things, and rebuilt my home all by myself. I did it for the sake of satisfaction at doing something. I did it because I happened to be where I was.
I have found some of the best reasons I ever had for remaining at the bottom simply by looking at the men at the top.
I have found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
I have had more trouble with myself than with any other man I have ever met.
I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
I have learned to have more faith in the scientist than he does in himself.
I have made the tough decisions, always with an eye toward the bottom line. Perhaps it's time America was run like a business.
I have never found a companion that was so companionable as solitude. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. A man thinking or working is always alone, let him be where he will.
I have never looked upon ease and happiness as ends in themselves - such an ethical basis I call more proper for a herd of swine. The ideals which have lighted me on my way and time after time given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Truth, Goodness, and Beauty.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I have nothing new to teach the world. Truth and Non-violence are as old as the hills. All I have done is to try experiments in both on as vast a scale as I could.
I have nothing to ask but that you would move to the other side, that you may not, by intercepting the sunshine, take from me what you cannot give.
I have often been afraid, but I would not give in to it. I made myself act as though I was not afraid and gradually my fear disappeared.
I have seen how the foundations of the world are laid, and I have not the least doubt that it will stand a good while.
I have thought there was some advantage even in death, by which we mingle with the herd of common men.
I have worshipped woman as the living embodiment of the spirit of service and sacrifice.
I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man.
I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. I hear, I know. I see, I remember. I do, I understand.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
I hope you never get everything you want. If you did, you‘d have nothing to look forward to.
I know a lot of people without brains who do an awful lot of talking.
I know for sure, what we dwell on is what we become.
I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much.
I know I'm never as good or bad as one single performance. I've never believed in my critics or my worshipers, and I've always been able to leave the game at the arena.
I know nothing, except the fact of my ignorance.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
I know of only one duty, and that is to love.
I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing.
I know this world is ruled by infinite intelligence. Everything that surrounds useverything that exists – proves that there are infinite laws behind it. There can be no denying this fact. It is mathematical in its precision.
I know, to banish anger altogether from one's breast is a difficult task. It cannot be achieved through pure personal effort. It can be done only by God's grace.
I learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances.
I learned that if you want to make it bad enough, no matter how bad it is, you can make it.
I learned that the only way you are going to get anywhere in life is to work hard at it.
I like thinking big. If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.
I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.
I love living. I have some problems with my life, but living is the best thing they've come up with so far.
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.
I look only to the good qualities of men. Not being faultless myself, I won't presume to probe into the faults of others.
I look to the future because that's where I'm going to spend the rest of my life.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
I love you, not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
I never attempt to make money on the stock market. I buy on the assumption that they could close the market the next day and not reopen it for five years.
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work.
I never did, or countenanced, in public life, a single act inconsistent with the strictest good faith; having never believed there was one code of morality for a public, and another for a private man.
I never found a companion that was so companionable as solitude.
I never looked at the consequences of missing a big shot... when you think about the consequences you always think of a negative result.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.
I object to people running down the future. I am going to live all the rest of my life there.
I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary; the evil it does is permanent.
I only wish that ordinary people had an unlimited capacity for doing harm; then they might have an unlimited power for doing good.
I play to win, whether during practice or a real game. And I will not let anything get in the way of me and my competitive enthusiasm to win.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
I put a piece of paper under my pillow, and when I could not sleep I wrote in the dark.
I really had a lot of dreams when I was a kid, and I think a great deal of that grew out of the fact that I had a chance to read a lot.
I reject any religious doctrine that does not appeal to reason and is in conflict with morality.
I resolved to stop accumulating and begin the infinitely more serious and difficult task of wise distribution.
I say beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather a new wearer of clothes.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
I seldom think about my limitations, and they never make me sad. Perhaps there is just a touch of yearning at times; but it is vague, like a breeze among flowers.
I shall adopt new views as fast as they shall appear to be true views.
I shall argue that strong men, conversely, know when to compromise and that all principles can be compromised to serve a greater principle.
I shall assume that your silence gives consent.
I smoke ten to fifteen cigars a day. At my age I have to hold on to something.
I spent a year in that town, one Sunday.
I start where the last man left off.
I started realizing that I wasn't so dumb; rather, most people simply didn't know the answers to the questions that I was interested in-or they didn't care.
I still get wildly enthusiastic about little things... I play with leaves. I skip down the street and run against the wind.
I still have my feet on the ground, I just wear better shoes.
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people.
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
I tell young people to prepare themselves as best they can for a world that grows more challenging every day, get the best education they can, and couple that education with real-life experience.
I thank Thee first because I was never robbed before; second, because although they took my purse they did not take my life; third, because although they took my all, it was not much; and fourth because it was I who was robbed, and not I who robbed.
I think a lot of developments start with the desire of the developer to get what he really wants so that he can use it. It's not just the technical fascination or the business opportunity.
I think an education is not only important, it is the most important thing you can do with your life.
I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.
I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift would be curiosity.
I think earning money is the simplest thing in the world once you learn how to do it. It's like driving a car. It's simple if you know how to do it.
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user.
I think that there is nothing, not even crime, more opposed to poetry, to philosophy, ay, to life itself than this incessant business.
I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention.
I think the person who takes a job in order to live - that is to say, for the money - has turned himself into a slave.
I thoroughly disapprove of duels. If a man should challenge me, I would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet place and kill him.
I threw my cup away when I saw a child drinking from his hands at the trough.
I tried a dozen different modifications that were rejected. But they all served as a path to the final design.
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is.
I wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself.
I was a grad student at UC Berkeley when I bought my Apple II and it suddenly because a lot more interesting than school.
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence, but it comes from within. It is there all the time.
I was more independent than any farmer in Concord, for I was not anchored to a house or farm, but could follow the bent of my genius, which is a very crooked one, every moment.
I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. And that's how I operate my life.
I was really too honest a man to be a politician.
I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if ‗I‘ll believe it when I see it‘ is backwards, ‗You‘ll see it when you believe it!‘ I will do this" is the only attitude that works. "I'll try" or "I think" doesn't work.
I will far rather see the race of man extinct than that we should become less than beasts by making the noblest of God's creation, woman, the object of our lust.
I will follow the right side even to the fire, but excluding the fire if I can.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
I will not be just a tourist in the world of images, just watching images passing by which I cannot live in, make love to, possess as permanent sources of joy and ecstasy.
I will smile at friend and foe alike and make every effort to find, in him or her, a quality to praise, now that I realize the deepest yearning of human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
I will study and get ready, and perhaps my chance will come.
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
I would as soon leave my son a curse as the almighty dollar.
I would fain growing old learning many things.
I would go out with women my age, but there are no women my age.
I would heartily welcome the union of East and West provided it is not based on brute force.
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
I would prefer even to fail with honor than win by cheating.
I would rather be right than be the President.
I would rather live in a world where my life is surrounded by mystery than live in a world so small that my mind could comprehend it.
I would rather go to bed without dinner than to awaken in debt.
I would rather sit on a pumpkin and have it all to myself, than be crowded on a velvet cushion.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.
I'd rather lose my own money than someone else's.
I'd say it's been my biggest problem all my life... it's money. Sometimes it takes a lot of money to make dreams come true.
I'm a bit of a P. T. Barnum. I make stars out of everyone.
I'm at the age now where just putting my cigar in its holder is a thrill.
I'm not happy, I'm cheerful. There's a difference. A happy woman has no cares at all. A cheerful woman has cares but has learned how to deal with them.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
I'm very pleased to be here. Let's face it, at 90, I'm very pleased to be anywhere.
I'm very pleased with each advancing year. It stems back to when I was forty. I was a bit upset about reaching that milestone, but an older friend consoled me. 'Don't complain about growing old - many, many people do not have that privilege.' I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come. I don't do things half-heartedly. Because I know if I do, then I can expect half-hearted results.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
I've never known a man worth his salt who in the long run, deep down in his heart, didn't appreciate the grind, the discipline... I firmly believe that any man's finest hour - this greatest fulfillment to all he holds dear is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle, victorious.
I've never met a person, I don't care what his condition, in whom I could not see possibilities. I don't care how much a man may consider himself a failure, I believe in him, for he can change the thing that is wrong in his life anytime he is prepared and ready to do it. Whenever he develops the desire, he can take away from his life the thing that is defeating it. The capacity for reformation and change lies within.
Ideally a book would have no order to it, and the reader would have to discover his own.
Ideas are elusive, slippery things. Best to keep a pad of paper and a pencil at your bedside, so you can stab them during the night before they get away.
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
Ideas are the most powerful force on earth.
Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.
Ideas precede decisions. Decisions precede faith. Faith precedes action. Every action you take alters your own future in some way.
Ideas shape the course of history.
Identify exactly what it is you want. This takes a lot of thought. Then don't let anything stand in your way of getting it.
If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.
If a man constantly aspires is he not elevated?
If a man could have half of his wishes, he would double his troubles.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
If a man empties his purse into his head, no one can take it from him.
If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed. If he has a talent and uses only half of it, he has partly failed. If he has a talent and learns somehow to use the whole of it, he has gloriously succeeded and has a satisfaction and a triumph few men ever know.
If a man insisted always on being serious, and never allowed himself a bit of fun and relaxation, he would go mad or become unstable without knowing it.
If a man is called to be a street-sweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven played music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great street-sweeper who did his job well.
If a man is not rising upwards to be an angel, depend upon it, he is sinking downwards to be a devil.
If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it.
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life.
If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer. But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen.
If a relationship has to be a secret, you shouldn't be in it.
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
If advertisers spent the same amount of money on improving their products as they do on advertising they wouldn't have to advertise them.
If all misfortunes were laid in one common heap whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be contented to take their own and depart.
If all of us acted in unison as I act individually there would be no wars and no poverty. I have made myself personally responsible for the fate of every human being who has come my way.
If all printers were determined not to print anything till they were sure it would offend nobody, there would be very little printed.
If any man seeks for greatness, let him forget greatness and ask for truth, and he will find both.
If anything goes bad, I did it. If anything goes semi-good, then we did it. If anything goes really good, then you did it. That's all it takes to get people to win football games.
If at first you don't succeed, do it like your mother told you.
If co-operation is a duty, I hold that non-co-operation also under certain conditions is equally a duty.
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
If everyone were clothed with integrity, if every heart were just, frank, kindly, the other virtues would be well-nigh useless, since their chief purpose is to make us bear with patience the injustice of our fellows.
If honor be your clothing, the suit will last a lifetime; but if clothing be your honor, it will soon be worn threadbare.
If God would have wanted us to live in a permissive society He would have given us Ten Suggestions and not Ten Commandments.
If humanity does not opt for integrity we are through completely. It is absolutely touch and go. Each one of us could make the difference.
If history is any indication, all truths will eventually turn out to be false.
If I am not for myself, then who will be for me? And if I am only for myself, what am I? And if not now, when?
If I don't have wisdom, I can teach you only ignorance.
If I had my life to live over again, I‘d make the same mistakes, only sooner.
If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me, I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress.
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.
If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life.
If I seem to boast more than is becoming, my excuse is that I brag for humanity rather than for myself.
If I‘d had some set idea of a finish line, don't you think I would have crossed it years ago?
If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving $25 cars that got 1000 MPG.
If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.
If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide.
If I have been of service, if I have glimpsed more of the nature and essence of ultimate good, if I am inspired to reach wider horizons of thought and action, if I am at peace with myself, it has been a successful day.
If it be a sin to covet honor, I am the most offending soul.
If it doesn't matter who wins or loses, then why do they keep score?
If it is surely the means to the highest end we know, can any work be humble or disgusting? Will it not rather be elevating as a ladder, the means by which we are translated?
If it was necessary to tolerate in other people everything that one permits oneself, life would be unbearable.
If it's a good script I'll do it. And if it's a bad script, and they pay me enough, I'll do it.
If it's not proprietary, it won't work. Pay only on performance. Proprietary interest is one of the most powerful forces ever known.
If life gives us rocks, it‘s our choice whether we build a bridge or a wall.
If life on planet Earth was really supposed to be a picnic, we would all have been born clutching gingham table cloths.
If minimums are a part of the business deal, then there should also be maximums.
If misery loves company, misery has company enough.
If money is your hope for independence and happiness, you will never have it. The only real security that a man will ever have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.
If moral behavior were simply following rules, we could program a computer to be moral.
If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it, I know I can achieve it.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with success unexpected in common hours.
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
If passion drives you, let reason hold the reins.
If past history was all there was to the game, the richest people would be librarians.
If particulars are to have meaning, there must be universals.
If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm.
If people who worry about their liabilities would instead think about the riches they already possess, they would stop worrying.
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn‘t need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around.
If someone lies to you once, he'll lie to you a thousand times. Lying is for thieves and cowards.
If stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out?
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.
If the creator had a purpose in equipping us with a neck, he surely meant us to stick it out.
If the desire to kill and the opportunity to kill came always together, who would escape hanging?
If the first thing that happened to you each morning was, you had to ―eat a live frog‖, nothing else worse can happen to you all day. Your ―frog‖ should be the most difficult thing you have to do on your daily ―Things to do list.‖ The one item on your list you‘re most likely to procrastinate on.
If the machine of government is of such a nature that it requires you to be the agent of injustice to another, then, I say, break the law.
If the other fellow sells cheaper than you, it is called dumping. 'Course, if you sell cheaper than him, that's called mass production.
If the situation is not right in the long term, walk away from it.
If there exists no possibility of failure, then victory is meaningless.
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
If there is no wind, row.
If there is not a conscious struggle to be honest in difficult situations, you are probably being dishonest.
If there were dreams to sell, what would you buy?
If time is the most precious of all things, wasting time must be the greatest tragedy.
If we all threw our problems in a pile and saw everyone else's, we'd grab ours back.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
If you are not making the progress that you would like to make and are capable of making, it is simply because your goals are not clearly defined.
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
If you are planning for a year, sow rice; if you are planning for a decade, plant trees; if you are planning for a lifetime, educate people.
If you are the master be sometimes blind, if you are the servant be sometimes deaf.
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you'll be fired with enthusiasm.
If you ask what is the single most important key to longevity, I would have to say it is avoiding worry, stress and tension. And if you didn't ask me, I'd still have to say it.
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossible odds. The trick is to just get the work done.
If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are truly worthwhile in life, you can have anything you desire.
If you believe in yourself, have dedication and pride and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high, but so are the rewards.
If you believe in yourself, things are possible.
If you can accept losing, you can't win.
If you can conceive it in your mind, then it can be brought to the physical world.
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
If you can envision it, you can have it!
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them.
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it.
If you can speak what you will never hear, if you can write what you will never read, you have done rare things.
If you can't be happy where you are, it's a cinch you can't be happy where you ain't.
If you can‘t do great things, do small things in a great way.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then just feed one.
If you can't make it better, you can laugh at it.
If you can't make it good, at least make it look good.
If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep.
If you cannot be a poet, be the poem.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
If you come to fame not understanding who you are, it will define who you are.
If you could choose your own parents, other than your real-life mother and father, who would you choose to be your mother and father?
If you deliberately plan on being less than you are capable of being, then I warn you that you'll be unhappy for the rest of your life.
If you desire many things, many things will seem few.
If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then don't write, because our culture has no use for it.
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
If you don‘t change something about how you live your life, if you continue to do what you‘ve always done, you‘ll always have what you‘ve already got.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you don‘t follow through on your dreams, you might as well be a vegetable.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
If you don't invest very much, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning is not very exciting.
If you don't know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else.
If you don't learn to spend less than you make, you will never have peace of mind.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
If you don't own a dog, at least one, there is not necessarily anything wrong with you, but there may be something wrong with your life.
If you don't program yourself, life will program you!
If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you can‘t perform as a winner.
If you don‘t think every day is a good day, try missing one.
If you don't understand yourself you don't understand anybody else.
If you dream of something worth doing and then simply go to work on it and don't think anything of personalities, or emotional conflicts, or of money, or of family distractions; it is amazing how quickly you get through those 5,000 steps.
If you go looking for a friend, you're going to find they're very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere.
If you go to work on your goals, your goals will go to work on you. If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. Whatever good things we build end up building us.
If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us.
If you have a faithful servant, and one that you like, serve yourself.
If you have a job without aggravations, you don't have a job.
If you have a particular faith or religion, that is good. But you can survive without it.
If you have always done it that way, it is probably wrong.
If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don't have integrity, nothing else matters.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles at it.
If you have made mistakes, even serious ones, there is always another chance for you. What we call failure is not the falling down but the staying down.
If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind.
If you hold a cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way.
If you know how to spend less than you get, you have a wise mind.
If you know what to do to reach your goal, it's not a big enough goal.
If you learn from defeat, you didn‘t really fail at all, did you?
If you learn only methods, you'll be tied to your methods, but if you learn principles you can devise your own methods.
If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.
If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age.
If you live your life allowing your fears, to control what you do or don‘t do… you will die… NEVER KNOWING… what a great person you might have been.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it.
If you must speak ill of another, do not speak it, write it in the sand near the water's edge.
If you need know the value of money, go and try to borrow some.
If you never budge, don't ever expect a push.
If you never change your mind, why have one?
If you paint in your mind a picture of bright and happy expectations, you put yourself into a condition conducive to your goal.
If you put a small value upon youself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price.
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll never get anything done.
If you raise your children to feel that they can accomplish any goal or task they decide upon, you will have succeeded as a parent and you will have given your children the greatest of all blessings.
If you really do put a small value upon yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price.
If you reveal your secrets to the wind you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees.
If you run, you might lose. If you don't run, you're guaranteed to lose.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
If you think in terms of a year, plant a seed; if in terms of ten years, plant trees; if in terms of 100 years, teach the people.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
If you think you can or think you can‘t, you‘re right.
If you think you can, you can. If you think you can‘t, you can‘t.
If you think your teacher is tough, wait until you get a boss. He doesn't have tenure.
If you train hard, you'll not only be hard, you'll be hard to beat.
If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you'll die a lot of times.
If you treat your wife like a thoroughbred, you'll never end up with a nag.
If you view all the things that happen to you, both good and bad, as opportunities, then you operate out of a higher level of consciousness.
If you want a better future, you must actively disturb the present.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
If you want to accomplish anything in life, you can't just sit back and hope it will happen. You've got to make it happen.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
If you want to accomplish the goals of your life, you have to begin with the spirit.
If you want to be creative in your company, your career, your life, all it takes is one easy step… the extra one. When you encounter a familiar plan, you just ask one question: What ELSE could we do?
If you want to be enthusiastic, act enthusiastic.
If you want to be successful, find someone who has achieved the results you want and copy what they do and you'll achieve the same results.
If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
If you want to gather honey, don't upset the beehive.
If you want to go somewhere in life, it‘s best to find someone who has already been there. They can cut your learning curve significantly.
If you want to kill a good idea, get a committee working on it.
If you want to make good use of your time, you've got to know what's most important and then give it all you've got.
If you want to reach a goal, you must repeatedly "picture yourself doing the next step" in your own mind before you actually take the next step.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
If you want to understand today, you have to search yesterday.
If you watch a game, it's fun. If you play it, it's recreation. If you work at it, it's golf.
If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.
If you wish to be loved, love and be loveable.
If you wish to reach the highest, begin at the lowest.
If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness, and fears.
If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right. Men will believe what they see.
If you would thoroughly know anything, teach it to others.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you‘ll be amazed at what you can accomplish in your life.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
If your purpose of life is security, you will be a failure. Security is the lowest form of happiness.
If your real desire is to be good, there is no need to wait for the money before you do it; you can do it now, this very moment, and just where you are.
If your ultimate goal is a life of leisure, today, employ your time well.
If you‘re ever in doubt about what to do, a good rule is to ask ourselves what we‘ll likely wish tomorrow we had done today.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
If you're going to fail, you might as well fail at the big ones.
If you're in the position to help someone and you do it, it's very rewarding.
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
If you‘re not 10 minutes early, you‘re late.
If you‘re properly prepared, you will have confidence.
If you‘re spending money you have not yet earned, whatever financial problem you‘re faced with today pales in comparison to the problem you‘ll have to face when it comes time to payback the same amount of money… plus interest.
If you're thinking of debt, that‘s what you're going to attract.
If you‘re trying to justify to others, the disappointing results you are responsible for in life. Look around for a group you can use as a comparison so you don‘t look too bad, all things considered. You‘ll always be able to find a large group of under-achievers who didn‘t try any harder than you did and got the same results.
If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of any part of your life.
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true is really true, there would be little hope of advance.
If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children.
If we cannot live so as to be happy, let us at least live so as to deserve it.
If we choose to do so, we can live in a world of comfortable illusion.
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all.
If we don't know life, how can we know death?
If we open a quarrel between the past and the present, we shall find we have lost the future.
If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.
If we were all to be judged by our thoughts, the hills would be swarming with outlaws.
If we wish to free ourselves from enslavement, we must choose freedom and the responsibility this entails.
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it's moving you away from your goals.
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.
Ignorance and inconsideration are the two great causes of the ruin of mankind.
Ignorance is the night of the mind, but a night without moon or star.
Ignorance leads to worry. Worry leads to fear. Fear leads to anxiety. Anxiety leads to depression. Depression leads to disease. Disease leads to disintegration. Disintegration leads to death.
Ignorance of all things is an evil neither terrible nor excessive, nor yet the greatest of all; but great cleverness and much learning, if they be accompanied by a bad training, are a much greater misfortune.
Ignorance, the root and stem of all evil.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Imagination is the true magic carpet.
Imagination is the truest ‗magic carpet.‖ Imagination is the workshop of your mind.
Imagination rules the world.
Imagination – The workshop of the mind.
Imitation is the sincerest flattery.
Immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control your own affairs.
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
In a country well governed, poverty is something to be ashamed of. In a country badly governed, wealth is something to be ashamed of.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
In all human affairs there are efforts, and there are results, and the strength of the effort is the measure of the result.
In all men is evil sleeping; the good man is he who will not awaken it, in himself or in other men.
In America we can say what we think, and even if we can't think, we can say it anyhow.
In America, we live under the illusion that we ―own‖ things. In reality, we ―rent‖ what we have from the government. The government calls rent, taxes. If you doubt this, stop paying your taxes and see how fast the government shows up at your front door to ‗claim what is theirs.‘ In attempts to improve your character, know what is in your power and what is beyond it.
In business, all costs are passed along to the consumer.
In business, you don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate.
In each human heart are a tiger, a pig, an ass and a nightingale. Diversity of character is due to their unequal activity.
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions.
In every difficult situation is potential value. Believe this, then begin looking for it.
In every person who comes near you look for what is good and strong; honor that; try to imitate it, and your faults will drop off like dead leaves when their time comes.
In every situation, good or bad, that comes into your life, laser-focus your mind on the infinite possibilities, and the response that has the greatest future benefit to you.
In general, mankind, since the idea of cooking food, eats twice as much as nature requires.
In giving advice, seek to help, not please, your friend.
In great attempts, it is glorious even to fail.
In human intercourse the tragedy begins, not when there is misunderstanding about words, but when silence is not understood.
In life, it's not who you know that's important, it's how your wife found out.
In life, what is slowing you down?
In life, what is stopping you from doing what you have to do to get what you desire?
In life, you can either live a life of inspiration or desperation. You choose.
In life you can never be too kind or too fair; everyone you meet is carrying a heavy load. When you go through your day expressing kindness and courtesy to all you meet, you leave behind a feeling of warmth and good cheer, and you help alleviate the burdens everyone is struggling with.
In marketing I've seen only one strategy that can't miss - and that is to market to your best customers first, your best prospects second and the rest of the world last.
In matters of conscience, the law of the majority has no place.
In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
In my afternoon walk I would fain forget all my morning occupations and my obligations to society.
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.
In order to excel at exceptional levels, you must be completely dedicated to your chosen task. You must also be prepared to work hard and be willing to accept criticism, both positive and negative. Without 100 percent dedication to the end result, you‘ll never become an achiever on a world class level.
In order to excel, you must be completely dedicated to your chosen sport. You must also be prepared to work hard and be willing to accept constructive criticism. Without a total 100 percent dedication, you won't be able to do this.
In order to get what you want, you must act; and in order to act, you must apply force. And it is a self-evident proposition that the force to be applied is one within yourself. So, whether you seek health, wealth, development, position or happiness, you can fully expect to get what you want by applying your own inward force, and you cannot get it in any other way.
In politics stupidity is not a handicap.
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
In prison, those things withheld from and denied to the prisoner become precisely what he wants most of all.
In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual.
In some cases, inventions prohibit innovation because we're so caught up in playing with the technology, we forget about the fact that it was supposed to be important.
In the absence of clearly-defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily trivia until ultimately we become enslaved by it.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
In the end, the game comes down to one thing: man against man. May the best man win.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
In the final analysis there is no solution to man's progress but the day's honest work, the day's honest decisions, the day's generous utterances and the day's good deed.
In the history of mankind, nothing has ever been done that was not preceded by an idea and a decision.
In the last analysis, what we are communicates far more eloquently than anything we say or do.
In the long run, men hit only what they aim at. Therefore, they had better aim at something high.
In the meanest are all the materials of manhood, only they are not rightly disposed.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
In the sky, there is no distinction between east and west; people create these distinctions in their own mind and then believe them to be true.
In this business, by the time you realize you're in trouble, it's too late to save yourself. Unless you're running scared all the time, you're gone.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes.
In war there is no substitute for victory.
In wilderness is the preservation of the world.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a förm of exploration.
Inaction is not only the result, but the cause, of fear.
Incalculable effort and hardship over countless generations evolved into the life, values and happiness we take for granted today. Aspire to create, achieve and build onto the great value momentum taking place all around you.
Increase of material comforts, it may be generally laid down, does not in any way whatsoever conduce to moral growth.
Independence is happiness.
Individual commitment to a group effort -- that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
Individual rights are not subject to a public vote; a majority has no right to vote away the rights of a minority; the political function of rights is precisely to protect minorities from oppression by majorities (and the smallest minority on earth is the individual).
Individual rights are the means of subordinating society to moral law.
Individually, we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean.
Infinite striving to be the best is man's duty; it is its own reward. Everything else is in God's hands.
Inflation is the one form of taxation that can be imposed without legislation.
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.
Injustice is censured because the censures are afraid of suffering, and not from any fear which they have of doing injustice.
Inside every human being is an eternal truth and a life purpose. Using our mind power is simply starting the engine on that journey of self-discovery and highest selfactualization.
Inside of every problem lies an opportunity.
Instead of being concerned that you have no office, be concerned to think how you may fit yourself for office. Instead of being concerned that you are not known, see to the (be?) worthy of being known.
Instead of comparing our lot with that of those who are more fortunate than we are, we should compare it with the lot of the great majority of our fellow men. It then appears that we are among the privileged.
Instead of giving money to fund colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.
Instead of noblemen, let us have villages made up of men who are noble.
Instead of thinking about where you are, think about where you want to be. It takes twenty years of hard work to become an overnight success.
Instruction does much, but encouragement does everything.
Intellectual property has the shelf life of a banana.
Interdependence is and ought to be as much the ideal of man as self-sufficiency. Man is a social being.
Intolerance betrays want of faith in one's cause.
Intolerance is itself a form of violence and an obstacle to the growth of a true democratic spirit.
Inventing is a combination of brains and materials. The more brains you use, the less material you need.
Inventing plastic was kind of an accident. Plastic is not what I meant to invent.
Inventories can be managed, but people must be led.
Invest no less than three percent of your present income in yourself (self-development activities and materials) in order to guarantee your better future.
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Industrious individuals don‘t have a need to wish for anything.
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting better results ―next time.‖ Instead of worrying about what people say about you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.
Insurance is not for sale when you need it.
Integrate every aspect of your life (body, mind, spirit, relationships, business) and each within itself. Integrating means understanding and digesting a process... and seeing relationships among seemingly unrelated phenomena. It's a sign of innovative genius.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
Interrogative Questions (There are six.) - Who - What - When - Where - How - Why Invest profits (the application of compound interest) for wealth preservation and growth Invest your time and/or money only after strict and complete due diligence. Don't allow yourself to be rushed.
Is it not enough to know the evil to shun it? If not, we should be sincere enough to admit that we love evil too well to give it up.
Is the system going to flatten you out and deny you your humanity, or are you going to be able to make use of the system to the attainment of human purposes?
Isn't it astonishing that all these secrets have been preserved for so many years just so we could discover them!
It ain't those parts of the Bible that I can't understand that bother me, it is the parts that I do understand.
It ain't what you don't know that gets you into the most trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so.
It appears to be a law that you cannot have a deep sympathy with both man and nature.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
It does not take a majority to prevail... but rather an irate, tireless minority, keen on setting brushfires of freedom in the minds of men.
It doesn't matter if you try and try and try again, and fail. It does matter if you try and fail, and fail to try again.
It doesn't matter where you come from. All that matters is where you‘re going.
It doesn't matter which side of the fence you get off on sometimes. What matters most is getting off. You cannot make progress without making decisions.
It has always been a mystery to me how men can feel themselves honoured by the humiliation of their fellow beings.
It has always been my belief that a man should do his best, regardless of how much he receives for his services, or the number of people he may be serving or the class of people served.
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.
It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste.
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
It is a fine thing to have ability, but the ability to discover ability in others is the true test.
It is a grand mistake to think of being great without having a good heart.
It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.
It is a man's sympathy with all creatures that truly makes him a man. Until he extends his circle of compassion to all living things, man himself will not find peace.
It is a miserable state of mind to have few things to desire, and many things to fear.
It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time.
It is a process of diverting one's scattered forces into one powerful channel.
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision.
It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense.
It is always your next move.
It is always with excitement that I wake up in the morning wondering what my intuition will toss up to me, like gifts from the sea. I work with it and rely on it. It's my partner.
It is an illusion to think that peace can be attained by strength of arms, it can only be found within yourself by all who are peaceful & defenseless.
It is an interesting question how far men would retain their relative rank if they were divested of their clothes.
It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work.
It is awfully important to know what is and what is not your business.
It is best to avoid the beginnings of evil.
It is better to be violent, if there is violence in our hearts, than to put on the cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence.
It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours.
It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.
It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them.
It is better to have your head in the clouds, and know where you are... than to breathe the clearer atmosphere below them, and think that you are in paradise.
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt.
It is better to know nothing than to know what ain't so.
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.
It is better to stand erect with a broken and bandaged head then to crawl on one's belly, in order to be able to save one's head.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
It is better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot.
It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure.
It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have those three unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never It is clear to everyone that astronomy at all events compels the soul to look upwards, and draws it from the things of this world to the other.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.
It is easier to do a job right than to explain why you didn't.
It is easier to find a score of men wise enough to discover the truth than to find one intrepid enough, in the face of opposition, to stand up for it.
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience.
It is easier to prevent bad habits than to break them.
It is easier to stay out of trouble than it is to get out of trouble. The same could be said of marriage.
It is easy enough to be friendly to one's friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business.
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.
It is essential to understand that the biggest battles you will face in life are first won in your own mind and then your heart.
It is for us to pray not for tasks equal to our powers, but for powers equal to our tasks, to go forward with a great desire forever beating at the door of our hearts as we travel toward our distant goal.
It is funny about life: if you refuse to accept anything but the very best you will very often get it.
It is good to dream, but it is better to dream and work. Faith is mighty, but action with faith is mightier.
It is hard to interest those who have everything in those who have nothing.
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
It is, in fact, nothing short of a miracle that the modern methods of education have not yet entirely strangled the holy curiosity of inquiry; for this delicate little plant, aside from stimulation, stands mainly in need of freedom; without this it goes to wrack and ruin without fail. It is a very grave mistake to think that the enjoyment of seeing and searching can be promoted by means of coercion and a sense of duty. To the contrary, I believe that it would be possible to rob even a healthy beast of prey of its voraciousness, if it were possible, with the aid of a whip, to force the beast to devour continuously, even when not hungry, especially if the food, handed out under such coercion, were to be selected accordingly.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly.
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
It is much easier to suppress a first desire than to satisfy those that follow.
It is my own firm belief that the strength of the soul grows in proportion as you subdue the flesh.
It is necessary to help others, not only in our prayers, but in our daily lives. If we find we cannot help others, the least we can do is to desist from harming them.
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give happiness.
It is never too late to be who you might have been.
It is never too late to give up our prejudices.
It is not a disgrace to fail. Failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
It is not best that we should all think alike; it is a difference of opinion that makes horse races.
It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.
It is not difficult to theoretically accept that, but it is the experience that proves it right, testifying that indeed God worked things for the better.
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
It is not enough to be busy. So are the ants. The question is: What are we busy about?
It is not how big you are, it is how big you play.
It is not in the nature of man—nor of any living entity—to start out by giving up, by spitting in one‘s own face and damning existence; that requires a process of corruption whose rapidity differs from man to man. Some give up at the first touch of pressure; some sell out; some run down by imperceptible degrees and lose their fire, never knowing when or how they lose it. Then all of these vanish in the vast swamp of their elders who tell them persistently that maturity consists of abandoning one‘s mind; security, of abandoning one‘s values; practicality, of losing self-esteem. Yet a few hold on and move on, knowing that the fire is not to be betrayed, learning how to give it shape, purpose and reality. But whatever their future, at the dawn of their lives, men seek a noble vision of man‘s nature and of life‘s potential.
It is not living that matters, but living rightly.
It is not part of a true culture to tame tigers, any more than it is to make sheep ferocious.
It is not possible for civilization to flow backwards while there is youth in the world. Youth may be headstrong, but it will advance it allotted length.
It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages.
It is not the function of our Government to keep the citizen from falling into error; it is the function of the citizen to keep the Government from falling into error." It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage.
It is not the magnitude of our actions but the amount of love that is put into them that matters.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.
It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives.
It is not who is right, but what is right, that is of importance.
It is not your aptitude, but your attitude, that determines your altitude.
It is of practical value to learn to like yourself. Since you must spend so much time with yourself you might as well get some satisfaction out of the relationship.
It is only when the rich are sick that they fully feel the impotence of wealth.
It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know.
It is not where you start, its where you finish that counts.
It is paradoxical that many educators and parents still differentiate between a time for learning and a time for play without seeing the vital connection between them.
It is possible to fail in many ways...while to succeed is possible only in one way.
It is remarkable how closely the history of the apple tree is connected with that of man.
It is right to give every man his due.
It is said an Eastern monarch once charged his wise men to invent him a sentence to be ever in view, and which should be true and appropriate in all times and situations. They presented him the words: "And this, too, shall pass away.
It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to.
It is taking me a long time to become the person I want to be.
It is ten times easier to satisfy an existing customer than it is to find a new one. Remember that when one of your customers becomes difficult to deal with.
It is the eyes of other people that ruin us. If I were blind I would want, neither fine clothes, fine houses or fine furniture.
It is the function of art to renew our perception. What we are familiar with we cease to see. The writer shakes up the familiar scene, and, as if by magic, we see a new meaning in it.
It is the greatest of all advantages to enjoy no advantage at all.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
It is the privilege of the gods to want nothing, and of godlike men to want little.
It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity.
It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
It is the working man who is the happy man. It is the idle man who is the miserable man.
It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. The great man or woman is the one who never steps outside his or her specialty or foolishly dissipates his or her individuality.
It is too late to be studying Hebrew; it is more important to understand even the slang of to-day.
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
It is usually the imagination that is wounded first, rather than the heart; it being much more sensitive.
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.
It is well to give when asked, but it is better to give unasked, through understanding.
It is well to remember that the entire universe, with one trifling exception, is composed of others.
It is what a man thinks of himself that really determines his fate.
It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui.
It isn't a calamity to die with dreams unfulfilled, but it is a calamity not to dream.
It isn't always enough, to be forgiven by others. Sometimes, you have to learn to forgive yourself.
It isn‘t always important for you to know the correct answer to every question but, it is critically important you know what the questions are.
It isn't enough for you to love money -- it's also necessary that money should love you.
It isn't until you come to a spiritual understanding of who you are - not necessarily a religious feeling, but deep down, the spirit within - that you can begin to take control.
It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you‘re doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.
It isn't what we don't know that gives us trouble, it's what we know that ain't so.
It only stands to reason that where there's sacrifice, there's someone collecting the sacrificial offerings. Where there's service, there is someone being served. The man who speaks to you of sacrifice is speaking of slaves and masters, and intends to be the master.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
It seems, in fact, as though the second half of a man‘s life is made up of nothing but the habits he has accumulated during the first half.
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently.
It takes a lifetime of effort to build a good reputation but only a moment of stupidity to destroy it.
It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.
It takes a wise man to learn from his own mistakes... and a genius to learn and profit from the mistakes and experiences of others.
It takes almost the same amount of time and energy to manage tiny projects or businesses as it does to manage massive ones... and the massive ones carry with them - proportional rewards.
It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded.
It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.
It takes guts to get out of the ruts.
It takes half of your life before you discover that life is a ―do-it-yourself project.‖ It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it.
It takes only one drink to get me drunk. The trouble is, I can't remember if it's the thirteenth or the fourteenth.
It takes two to speak the truth: one to speak, and another to hear.
It teaches us about being a part of a team, the importance of working together to accomplish a common goal. We learn to shoulder personal responsibility, and how to cope with defeat and failure. It teaches how to remain focused on a task for the period of time required to achieve it. We learn about consistency and concentration, how to overcome weaknesses, and go beyond our limits.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
It was a favorite expression of Theophrastus that time was the most valuable thing that a man could spend.
It was character that got us out of bed to do what needs to be done, commitment that moved us into action phase, and discipline kept us there to follow through to the finish line.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
It's a sign of mediocrity when you demonstrate gratitude with moderation.
It's always too early to quit.
It's all right for a woman to be, above all, human. I am a woman first of all.
It's always too early to quit.
It's amazing what ordinary people can do if they set out without preconceived notions.
It's better to hang out with people better than you. Pick out associates whose behavior is better than yours and you'll drift in that direction.
It‘s cheaper, faster and easier to learn how to succeed or fail from books, recordings and teachers. None of us is ever going to live long enough to personally experience all of the many ways to succeed or fail.
It's discouraging to think how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.
It's easy to have faith in yourself and have discipline when you're a winner, when you're number one. What you've got to have is faith and discipline when you're still on your way to being a winner but, not yet there.
It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price.
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
It's good sportsmanship to not pick up lost golf balls while they are still rolling.
It's good to be here. At 98, it's good to be anywhere.
It's great to win, but it's also great fun just to be in the thick of any truly well and hard fought contest against opponents you respect, whatever the outcome.
It's hard for me to get used to these changing times. I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.
It's heavy duty to try to do everything and please everybody... My job was to go out there and play the game of basketball as best I can - People may not agree with that... I can't live with what everyone's impression of what I should or what I shouldn't do.
It's impossible to be loyal to your family, your friends, your country, and your principles, all at the same time.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself.
It's much easier for me to make major life, multi-million dollar decisions, than it is to decide on a carpet for my front porch. That's the truth.
It's never too late to realize your ambitions. Take the first step by daring to dream big dreams. Then have the confidence to take a few risks and make those dreams a reality. You'll be glad you did.
It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.
It‘s not knowing what to do, it's doing what you know.
Its not that we need new ideas, but we need to stop having old ideas.
It's not so much that we're afraid of change or so in love with the old ways, but it's that place in between that we fear… It's like being between trapezes. It's Linus when his blanket is in the dryer. There's nothing to hold on to.
It‘s not the critic that counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena.
It's not the events of our lives that shape us, but our beliefs as to what those events mean.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
It's not what happens to you; it's what you do about it that makes the difference.
It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
It‘s not what you have, it‘s what you do with what you have.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts.
It's not what you take but what you leave behind that defines greatness.
It's not what you've got, it's what you use that makes a difference.
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get back up.
It's OK to get angry with God. He can take it.
It's OK to let your children see you cry.
It‘s never important what happens to you only what you do about what happens to you.
It‘s never too late to change.
It‘s never too late to follow a dream.
It's never too late to have a happy childhood. But the second one is up to you and no one else.
It‘s never too late to help make a dream come true.
It‘s never too late to learn something new.
It's so much easier to suggest solutions when you don't know too much about the problem.
It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance and sweeps away all obstacles.
It's the little things you do that can make a big difference. What are you attempting to accomplish? What little thing can you do today that will make you more effective?
It's wonderful to climb the liquid mountains of the sky. Behind me and before me is God and I have no fears.
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift.
Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
Judicious praise is to children what the sun is to flowers.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Just as a man would not cherish living in a body other than his own, so do nations not Just as iron rusts from disuse, even so does inaction spoil the intellect.
Just as man can't exist without his body, so no rights can exist without the right to translate one's rights into reality, to think, to work and keep the results, which means: the right of personal property.
Just as our eyes need light in order to see, our minds need ideas in order to conceive.
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.
Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
Just because two people argue, doesn't mean they don't love each other. Just because they don't argue, doesn't mean they do love each other.
Just Do It.
Just do what you do best.
Just go out there and do what you've got to do.
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.
Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens.
Justice is sweet and musical; but injustice is harsh and discordant.
like to live under other nations, however noble and great the latter may be.
Justice means minding one's own business and not meddling with other men's concerns.
Justice that love gives is a surrender, justice that law gives is a punishment.
Justifying a fault doubles it.
Keep a notebook to record your better ideas.
Keep an active mind, and continue to grow intellectually.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Keep fully insured physically and materially and keep hedged emotionally.
Keep on going and the chances are you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I have never heard of anyone stumbling on something sitting down.
Keep on keepin‘ on.
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
Keep track of the time.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your inspiration with others.
Keep your overhead to a minimum. Rely more on brains, wit and talent... and less on money.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
Kindness can become its own motive. We are made kind by being kind.
Kindness in giving creates love.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear, and the blind can read.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Kissing is like drinking salted water: you drink and your thirst increases.
Kites rise highest against the wind - not with it.
Knock and the door shall be opened to you.
Knowing is not understanding. There is a great difference between knowing and understanding: you can know a lot about something and not really understand it.
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.
Knowledge, by itself, has zero value. Applied Knowledge is where the real power is found.
Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes.
Knowledge in the absence of applied-action is worthless.
Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world."Knowledge is love and light and vision.
Knowledge is true opinion.
Knowledge of what-is does not open the door directly to what should be.
Knowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.‖ Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.
Labor gives birth to ideas.
Lack of forgiveness causes almost all of our self-sabotaging behavior.
Last year we said, 'Things can't go on like this', and they didn't, they got worse.
Laughter is America's most important export.
Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one place.
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
Laws control the lesser man... Right conduct controls the greater one.
Laws, rules and regulations too gentle are seldom obeyed; too severe, seldom executed.
Laziness appears attractive, but work gives satisfaction.
Lead by example.
Leaders are made, they are not born. They are made by hard effort, which is the price anyone of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
Leaders are readers.
Leaders are visionaries with a poorly developed sense of fear and no concept of the odds against them.
Leadership: A leader is a person you will follow to a place you wouldn't go by yourself.
Leadership: If you get too far in front of your troops, you start looking like the enemy.
Leadership is a matter of having people look at you and gain confidence.
Leadership is not magnetic personality--that can just as well be a glib tongue. It is not "making friends and influencing people"--that is flattery. Leadership is lifting a person's vision to higher sights, the raising of a person's performance to a higher standard, the building of a personality beyond its normal limitations.
Learn from the giants.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning and learning.
Learn how to learn.
Learn the difference between what you need and what you want. Meet all of your needs before you spend money on your wants.
Learn the other side's needs, offer as little information as possible, never underestimate your opposition, and never show weakness when negotiating.
Learn to be quiet enough to hear the genius in yourself so you can also hear it in others.
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.
Learn to self-conquest, persevere thus for a time, and you will perceive very clearly the advantage which you gain from it.
Learn what you have to learn… so you can earn what you have to earn…. so you can save what you have to save… so you can invest what you have to invest… so you can retire financially comfortable.
Learn your savings habits from your dog. When a dog gets a bone, he doesn't go out and make a down payment on a bigger bone. He buries the one he's got.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.
Learning is not attained by chance. It must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.
Learning is not compulsory. Neither is survival.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Learning the scientific laws that govern how to earn an abundance of money is no more difficult than learning how to drive an automobile.
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
Leisure is the time for doing something useful. This type of leisure the diligent person will obtain and enjoy. The lazy person never.
LESIR - L-E-S-I-R - ―Learn – Earn – Save – Invest – Retire‖ financially comfortable.
Let advertisers spend the same amount of money improving their product that they do on advertising and they wouldn't have to advertise it.
Let architects sing of aesthetics that bring Rich clients in hordes to their knees; Just give me a home, in a great circle dome Where stresses and strains are at ease.
Let blockheads read what blockheads wrote.
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Let everyone sweep in front of his own door and the whole world will be clean.
Let everyone try and find that as a result of daily prayer he adds something new to his life, something with which nothing can be compared.
Let him that would move the world first move himself.
Let hope predominate, but be not too visionary.
Let me tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It is a very mean and nasty place and it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But, it ain't how hard you hit; it's about how hard you can get hit, and keep moving forward. How much you can take, and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Now, if you know what you're worth, then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hit, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you are because of him, or her, or anybody. Cowards do that and that ain't you. You're better than that!
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.
Let not the sun go down upon your wrath.
Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you.
Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.
Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning.
Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence.
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
Let there be nothing within thee that is not very beautiful and very gentle, and there will be nothing without thee that is not beautiful and softened by the spell of thy presence.
Let us all be brave enough to die the death of a martyr, but let no one lust for martyrdom.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Let us be grateful to the mirror for revealing to us our appearance only.
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
Let us make a special effort to stop communicating with each other, so we can have some conversation.
Let us not be too particular; it is better to have old secondhand diamonds than none at all.
Let us not paralyze our capacity for good by brooding of man's capacity for evil.
Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn't learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didn't learn a little, at least we didn't get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn't die; so, let us all be thankful.
Let your first hour set the theme of success and positive action that is certain to echo throughout your entire day.
Let your heart feel for the afflictions and distress of everyone, and let your hand give in proportion to your purse.
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Let your pledged word be forever sacred.
Let's start with what we can be thankful for, and get our mind into that vibration, and then watch the good that starts to come, because one thought leads to another thought.
Lettin' the cat outta the bag is a whole lot easier 'n puttin' it back in.
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
Life has its own hidden forces which you can only discover by living.
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more.
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint you can on it.
Life is a journey from darkness to darkness. What comes in between is a relationship with your family, friends and loved ones." Life in itself is a great wave of encouragement in the still waters of death and pain. Every time, this wave comes towards the shore and hits itself against huge rocks and retreats. But, after many years you will find the rocks smaller and worn out, but will never find the wave lose its pace and vigor. That's life!
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.
Life is a school and you‘re here to learn.
Life is a series of collisions with the future; it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be.
Life is a series of experiences, each one of which makes us bigger, even though sometimes it is hard to realize this. For the world was built to develop character, and we must learn that the setbacks and grieves which we endure help us in our marching onward.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Life is a tragedy for those who feel but a comedy for those who think.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Life is denied by lack of attention, whether it be to cleaning windows or trying to write a masterpiece.
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
Life is just a mirror, and what you see out there, you must first see inside of you.
Life is like a grapefruit. It's orange and squishy, and has a few pits in it, and some folks have half a one for breakfast.
Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Life is managed; it is not cured.
Life is my college. I graduate well, and earn some honors.
Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Life is not divided into semesters. You don't get summers off and very few employers are interested in helping you find yourself.
Life is not fair; get used to it.
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination.
Life is rather like a tin of sardines - we're all of us looking for the key.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat.
Life is without meaning. You bring the meaning to it. The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be. Being alive is the meaning.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Life isn‘t fair, but it‘s still good.
Life isn‘t like a still photograph where nothing ever changes. Life is like a movie where everything is in a constant state of change. If you meet someone today for the first time remember, they aren‘t always going to be as you first met them. They too will change. Situations change. Everything changes… constantly.
Life isn't tied with a bow, but it's still a gift.
Life lived for tomorrow will always be just a day away from being realized.
Life must be lived as play.
Life – Must be present to win!
Life operates in reverse action to entropy. Therefore the universe is hostile to life.
Life ought to be a struggle of desire toward adventures whose nobility will fertilize the soul.
Life Planning is based on ―Cause and Effect.‖ Pick the effect you want and follow the path that leads you to that destination.
Life requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.
Life rewards action but, it also penalizes inaction.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Life rewards action... not reaction. Wait for nothing. Attack life. Don't plan-to-death or ask for permission... but act now... and apologize later.
Life – Where-ever you are, be there!
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.
Life's easy when you live it the hard way... and hard if you try to live it the easy way.
Life's greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved.
Life's Greatest Tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late Life‘s tough. It‘s even tougher if you‘re stupid.
Light is the task where many share the toil.
Lighten up. You'll live longer.
Like almost everyone who uses e-mail, I receive a ton of spam every day. Much of it offers to help me get out of debt or get rich quick. It would be funny if it weren't so exciting.
Listening, not imitation, be the sincerest form of flattery.
Literature is my Utopia. Here I am not disenfranchised. No barrier of the senses shuts me out from the sweet, gracious discourses of my book friends. They talk to me without embarrassment or awkwardness.
Little boldness is needed to assail the opinions and practices of notoriously wicked men; but to rebuke great and good men for their conduct, and to impeach their discernment, is the highest effort of moral courage.
Little men with little minds and little imaginations go through life in little ruts, smugly resisting all changes which would upset their delicate little minds.
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries.
Little progress can be made by merely attempting to repress what is evil; our great hope lies in developing what is good.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Live in such a way that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip.
Live in the moment.
Live like you don't have much time left... but plan as if you'll live for centuries.
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Live so that your friends can defend you but never have to.
Live the life you've dreamed.
Live with the three E‘s – Energy, Enthusiasm, Empathy, and the three F‘s – Faith, Family, Friends.
Live with goals. Live with passion! Live with a purpose!
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat.
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests.
Living never wore one out so much as the effort not to live.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you anywhere you want to go.
Long ago I compromised my eight hours a night.
Long term success is built on credibility and on establishing enduring loving relationships with quality people based on mutually earned trust. Cut all ties with dishonest, negative or lazy people, and associate with people who share your values. You become whom you associate with.
Look at a day when you are supremely satisfied at the end. It's not a day when you lounge around doing nothing, it's when you've had everything to do and you've done it!
Look at everything as though you were seeing it for the first time or the last time. Then your time on earth will be filled with glory.
Look at market fluctuations as your friend rather than your enemy; profit from folly rather than participate in it.
Look at the means which a man employs, consider his motives, observe his pleasures. A man simply cannot conceal himself!
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Look for the actions you can take that are small enough you can actually do them but, large enough that they will actually make a difference in your life.
Look on the new day as another special gift from your Creator, another golden opportunity to complete what you were unable to finish yesterday.
Look to the future, because that is where you'll spend the rest of your life.
Look to your health; and if you have it, praise God and value it next to conscience; for health is the second blessing that we mortals are capable of, a blessing money can't buy.
Looking to the stars always makes me dream, as simply as I dream over the black dots representing towns and villages on a map. Why, I ask myself, shouldn't the shining dots of the sky be as accessible as the black dots on the map of France?
Lord save us all from a hope tree that has lost the faculty of putting out blossoms.
Losing your sense of excellence or worth is a tragedy.
Lost time is never found again.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Love always creates, it never destroys. In this lie's man's only promise.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
Love and eggs are best when they are fresh.
Love cures people -- both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.
Love doesn't sit there like a stone, it has to be made, like bread: remade all the time, made new.
Love him or hate him, Trump is a man who is certain about what he wants and sets out to get it, no holds barred. Women find his power almost as much of a turn-on as his money.
Love is a better teacher than duty.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Love is a serious mental disease.
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love.
Love is always open arms. If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself.
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same.
Love is metaphysical gravity.
Love is the expression of one's values, the greatest reward you can earn for the moral qualities you have achieved in your character and person, the emotional price paid by one man for the joy he receives from the virtues of another.
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.
Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness.
Love keeps the cold out better than a cloak.
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish it's source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
Love the moment. Flowers grow out of dark moments. Therefore, each moment is vital.
It affects the whole. Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed.
Love truth, and pardon error.
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred.
Loyalty is something you give regardless of what you get back, and in giving loyalty, you're getting more loyalty; and out of loyalty flow other great qualities.
Loyalty to petrified opinion never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul.
Luck? I don't know anything about luck. I've never banked on it and I'm afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: Hard work -- and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't.
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
Luck is believing you're lucky.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Luck is when opportunity knocks and you answer.
Luck? Sure. But only after long practice and only with the ability to think under pressure.
Maintain a long term outlook in all endeavors.
Make a written plan for achieving your goals and then, set a hardcore-deadline for you to accomplish your goal(s). Without a ‗do-it-or-die‘ type of deadline for the attainment of what you want, all you‘ve created is a ―Wish List.‖ Wishes only come true at Disneyland.
Make crime pay. Become a lawyer.
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Make important decisions carefully, consider your gut feelings... then pull the trigger.
Make it a point to do something every day that you don't want to do. This is the golden rule for acquiring the habit of doing your duty without pain.
Make measurable progress in reasonable time. That‘s the definition of success.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood...Make big plans, aim high in hope and work.
Make peace with the past, so it won‘t mess up the present.
Make the most of your regrets; never smother your sorrow, but tend and cherish it till it comes to have a separate and integral interest. To regret deeply is to live afresh.
Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level.
Man - a being in search of meaning.
Man alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality. Man alone can dream and make his dreams come true.
Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the welfare of his fellowmen.
Man can never be a woman's equal in the spirit of selfless service with which nature has endowed her.
Man falls from the pursuit of the ideal of planned living and high thinking the moment he wants to multiply his daily wants. Man's happiness really lies in contentment.
Man is a wingless animal with two feet and flat nails.
Man is made or unmade by himself. By the right choice he ascends. As a being of power, intelligence, and love, and the lord of his own thoughts, he holds the key to every situation.
Man is still the greatest miracle and the greatest problem on this earth.
Man is the most intelligent of the animals - and the most silly.
Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to.
Man knows so much and does so little.
Man lives freely only by his readiness to die, if need be, at the hands of his brother, never by killing him.
Man often becomes what he believes himself to be. If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing, it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it. On the contrary, if I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have had it in the beginning.
Man never legislates, but destinies and accidents, happening in all sorts of ways, legislate in all sorts of ways.
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.
Man was made at the end of the week's work when God was tired.
Man will do many things to get himself loved, he will do all things to get himself envied.
Man's greatness power lies in his power of thought.
Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
Man's nature is not essentially evil. Brute nature has been known to yield to the influence of love. You must never despair of human nature.
Man‘s three greatest weaknesses are: doubts, uncertainties and fears.
Man's unique reward, however, is that while animals survive by adjusting themselves to their background, man survives by adjusting his background to himself.
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.
Many a small thing has been made large by the right kind of advertising.
Many an opportunity is lost because a man is out looking for four-leaf clovers.
Many believe that self-help and self-improvement is about rags to riches, failure to success, and so forth, when indeed it is the beginning of a journey into selfdiscovery.
Many can do the most incredible things but few are willing to do. Are you willing?
Many foxes grow gray but few grow good.
Many hands make the work light.
Many hear about WHAT happened, only the smartest in the crowd ever ask WHY it happened.
Many marriages would be better if the husband and the wife clearly understood that they are on the same side.
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Many people know so little about what is beyond their short range of experience. They look within themselves - and find nothing! Therefore they conclude that there is nothing outside of themselves either.
Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
Marketing is what you do when your product is no good.
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
Marriage is not a noun; it's a verb. It isn't something you get. It's something you do. It's the way you love your partner every day.
Marriage is the most natural state of man, and... the state in which you will find solid happiness.
Marry the right person. This one decision will determine 90% of your happiness or misery.
Martyrdom covers a multitude of sins.
Master Mind, Power of – The driving Force (Step #9 to success.) Maturity has more to do with what types of experiences you've had and what you've learned from them and less to do with how many birthdays you've celebrated.
Maturity is achieved when a person postpones immediate pleasures for long-term values.
Maturity is often more absurd than youth and very frequently is most unjust to youth.
Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don't go well.
May we so love as never to have occasion to repent of our love!
May you live as long as you want and never want for as long as you live.
Measure not the work until the day's out and the labor done.
Memory is deceptive because it is colored by today's events.
Memory is the treasury and guardian of all things.
Men always want to be a womans first love - women like to be a mans last romance.
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain a slave to their self-limiting vision.
Men are born to succeed, not to fail.
Men are moved by two levers only: punishment and rewards.
Men are nearly always willing to believe what they wish.
Men are not punished for their sins, but by them.
Men become wise the same way they become rich, more by what they save than by what they receive.
Men do not attract what they want, but what they are.
Men freely believe that which they desire.
Men have a respect for scholarship and learning greatly out of proportion to the use they commonly serve.
Men have become the tools of their tools.
Men have the grand vision, and they pass it on to somebody else to put into practice. Women follow the details more. They want to know what it is being put into practice.
Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
Men of action are favored by the Goddess of luck.
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.
Men willingly believe what they wish.
Mental toughness is essential to success.
Mental toughness is many things and rather difficult to explain. Its qualities are sacrifice and self-denial. Also, most importantly, it is combined with a ―perfectly disciplined will‖ that ―refuses to give in.‖ It's a state of mind-you could call it character in action.
Mental toughness is to physical what four is to one.
Mentally, many people die in their teens or twenties but aren't buried until they‘re seventy five.
Michael Jordon has missed over 9,000 shots in his career, lost nearly 300 games, and 26 times when it was up to him to drop the winning shot, he missed. He says he‘s failed over and over and over again. That‘s why he succeeds.
Mickey Mouse is, to me, a symbol of independence. He was a means to an end.
Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a drawing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood at a time when business fortunes of my brother Roy and myself were at lowest ebb and disaster seemed right around the corner.
Microsoft is not about greed. It's about innovation and fairness.
Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton was the one who asked why.
Minds – ―The Three Minds‖ are the Conscious Mind; Sub-Conscious Mind and the Universal Mind Misfortune is never mournful to the soul that accepts it.
Misfortune shows those who are not really friends.
Miss a meal if you have to, but don't miss a book.
Mistakes are necessary learning steps. They are merely the steps up the ladder.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Mister Morgan buys his partners; I grow my own.
Modesty is the only sure bait when you angle for praise.
Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things on earth.
Money demands that you sell, not your weakness to men's stupidity, but your talent to their reason.
Money has never made man happy, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more money one has, the more one wants.
Money is kind of a base subject. Like water, food, air and housing, it affects everything yet for some reason the world of academics thinks it's a subject below their social standing.
Money is like an arm or leg - use it or lose it.
Money is not required to buy one necessity of the soul.
Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.
Money is only used for two things. One, it's to make you comfortable, and the more comfortable you are the more creative you will become. And the other purpose is it enables you to extend the service you provide far beyond your own presence.
Money is the barometer of a society's virtue.
Money is usually attracted, not pursued.
Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the "gotta have it" scale.
Money will make you more of what you already are. If you're not a nice person, money's going to make you a despicable individual. If you're a good person, money's going to make you a better person.
Money without knowledge is always dangerous.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Money won't make you happy... but everybody wants to find out for themselves.
Moral authority is never retained by any attempt to hold on to it. It comes without seeking and is retained without effort.
Morality consist solely in the courage of making a choice.
Morality is contraband in war.
Morality is of the highest importance for us, but not for God.
Morality is the basis of things and truth is the substance of all morality.
Morality is rooted in the purity of our hearts.
Morality which depends upon the helplessness of a man or woman has not much to recommend it.
More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth.
More important than talent, strength, or knowledge is the ability to laugh at yourself and enjoy the pursuit of your dreams.
Most accomplishment (and problem avoidance) is built on clear persuasive communication. That includes knowing each other's definitions, careful listening, thinking before talking, focused questioning and observing your feedback.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Most games are lost, not won.
Most great achievers have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Most men are within a finger's breadth of being mad.
Most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with their song still in them.
Most misfortunes are the result of misused time.
Most of my advances were by mistake. You uncover what is real when you get rid of what isn't.
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths of the time being in and out of favor.
Most of the fundamental ideas of science are essentially simple, and may, as a rule, be expressed in a language comprehensible to everyone.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Most of the luxuries and many of the so-called comforts of life are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind.
Most of the successful people I've known are the ones who do more listening than talking.
Most of the time you will fail, but you will also occasionally succeed. Those occasional successes make all the hard work and sacrifice worthwhile.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
Most of us start out playing a sport as a means of fun and recreation. But somewhere along the way, in the midst of all the fun, we realize that sports can often be a metaphor for achieving success in life, because of the lessons it teaches us about life.
Most people are bothered by those passages of Scripture they do not understand, but the passages that bother me are those I do understand.
Most people are extras in their own movie.
Most people are not going after what they want. Even some of the most serious goal seekers and goal setters, they're going after what they think they can get.
Most people are totally satisfied to only know WHAT HAPPENED. The really smart people are not satisfied until they also know WHY IT HAPPENED.
Most people can't think, most of the remainder won't think, the small fraction who do think mostly can't do it very well. The extremely tiny fraction who think regularly, accurately, creatively, and without self-delusion- in the long run, these are the only people who count.
Most people have no idea of the giant capacity we can immediately command when we focus all of our resources on mastering a single area of our lives.
Most people have the will to win… few have the will to prepare themselves to win.
Most people never make the conscience decision to work on creating a serious-surplus of financial security and that‘s the biggest reason why they continue to be poor.
Most people return small favors, acknowledge medium ones and repay greater ones – with ingratitude.
Most people say that is it is the intellect which makes a great scientist. They are wrong: it‘s character.
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them.
Most people spend 90% of their time on what they're not best at and what they don't like doing - and only 10% of their time on their best and most enjoyable ability. Geniuses delegate the 90%... and spend all their time on their "unique ability".
Most people who succeed in the face of seemingly impossible conditions are people who simply don't know how to quit.
Motivation doesn‘t last but, neither does taking a bath. Both are recommended on a daily basis.
Motivation gets you started. Habits get you there.
Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
Movies can and do have tremendous influence in shaping young lives in the realm of entertainment towards the ideals and objectives of normal adulthood.
Much of the stress that people feel doesn't come from having too much to do. It comes from not finishing what they've started." Music can change the world because it can change people.
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything in it.
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
Must be present to win! Where-ever you are, be there!
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good spouse you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.
My attitude is that if you are pushed towards something that you think is a weakness, turn that perceived weakness into a strength.
My best friend and I can do anything or nothing and still have the best time.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
My biggest failure is I have too many to talk about.
My biggest worry is I'm running out of time and energy. Thirty years ago I thought 10 years was a really long time.
My body could stand the crutches but my mind couldn't stand the sideline.
My country is the world, and my religion is to do good.
My definition of an educated man is the fellow who knows the right thing to do at the time it has to be done. You can be sincere and still be stupid.
My definition of success is to live your life in a way that causes you to feel a ton of pleasure and very little pain - and because of your lifestyle, have the people around you feel a lot more pleasure than they do pain.
My experience has shown me that the people who are exceptionally good in business aren‘t so because of what they know but because of their insatiable need to know more.
My goal in life is to be as good of a person my dog already thinks I am.
My goal is simple. It is complete understanding of the universe, why it as it is and why it exists as all.
My grandfather once told me that there are two kinds of people: those who work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was less competition there.
My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure.
My idea of heaven is a great meal and someone to share it with.
My ideas have undergone a process of emergence by emergency. When they are needed badly enough, they are accepted.
My ideas usually come not at my desk writing but in the midst of living.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
My life is my message.
My mother taught me very early to believe I could achieve any accomplishment I wanted to. The first was to walk without braces.
My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment in time puts you in the best possible place for the next moment.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
My religion is based on truth and non-violence. Truth is my God. Non-violence is the means of realizing Him.
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
My schooling not only failed to teach me what it professed to be teaching, but prevented me from being educated to an extent which infuriates me when I think of all I might have learned at home all by myself.
My share of the work may be limited, but the fact that it is work makes it precious.
My thoughts before a big race are usually pretty simple. I tell myself: Get out of the blocks, run your race, stay relaxed. If you run your race, you'll win... channel your energy. Focus.
Mystery creates wonder and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand.
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths.
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.
Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind.
Nature and human life are as various as our several constitutions. Who shall say what prospect life offers to another?
Nature cannot be tricked or cheated. She will give up to you the object of your struggles only after you have paid her price.
Nature is full of genius, full of the divinity; so that not a snowflake escapes its fashioning hand.
Nature puts no question and answers none which we mortals ask. She has long ago taken her resolution.
Nature will bear the closest inspection. She invites us to lay our eye level with her smallest leaf, and take an insect view of its plain.
Nay, be a Columbus to whole new continents and worlds within you, opening new channels, not of trade, but of thought.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Nearly every man who develops an idea works it up to the point where it looks impossible, and then he gets discouraged. That's not the place to become discouraged.
Nearly everything you do is of no importance, but it is important that you do it.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
Necessity is the mother of taking chances.
Necessity never made a good bargain.
Negative thinking results in the destruction of property. It is anti-property, therefore anticapitalistic and anti-life. It also erodes your health. Forgive, learn your lessons, and get on with your life.
Nervous about your exams or didn't do good in them? That's not the end, the road is still there, you are still on your feet and the destination is waiting for your arrival. So, give a pat on your back and say, 'Boy let's go, we can do this together!' Never act on blind faith. Whenever something sounds too good to be true, it almost always is.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the Ark. Professionals built the Titanic.
Never be deceptive when trying to achieve a personal gain. Shortchanging others results in loss of self-esteem.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
Never bring the problem solving stage into the decision making stage. Otherwise, you surrender yourself to the problem rather than the solution.
Never buy what you do not want, just because it is cheap.
Never confuse motion with action.
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself.
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make an important negative decision in the low times of your life. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come.
Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it.
Never do anything for today only. Let everything you do today set the stage for the lifestyle you want to enjoy in the tomorrows of your life.
Never enter into a contract unless all parties benefit. But no partnership is ever 50/50. There will always be inequities.
Never enter into nor invest in a business without a solid, well-researched and well thought-out written plan. Execute the plan with passion and precision. Plan and manage your life the same way.
Never, ever, ever give up.
Never feel self-pity, the most destructive emotion there is. How awful to be caught up in the terrible squirrel cage of self.
Never forget that the most powerful force on earth is love.
Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Never leave anything till tomorrow which you can do today.
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what's right.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.
Never lose a holy curiosity.
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life.
Never, never, never, never ever give up!
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
Never over-estimate the size of your problem or under-estimate your ability to deal with it.
Never put off to tomorrow what you can do today.
Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.
Never reward negative behavior in a child or an adult. Whatever you reward, you get more of.
Never say anything about yourself you don‘t want to come true.
Never say or do anything you wouldn‘t want published on the front page of the local newspaper.
Never say that the desire to "do good" by force is a good motive. Neither power, lust nor stupidity are good motives.
Never spend money before you have earned it.
Never take a wife until you have a house to put her in.
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
Never trouble another for what you can do yourself.
New ideas in technology are literally a dime-a-dozen, or cheaper than that.
Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained.
Nice to be here? At my age it's nice to be anywhere.
Night is certainly more novel and less profane than day.
Nine tenths of education is encouragement.
Ninety percent of being successful in life is just showing up. The other ten percent is a combination of paying attention once you‘re there and contributing one hundred percent of everything you‘ve got. Hold nothing back. Anything less is unacceptable.
No accurate thinker will judge another person by that which the other person's enemies say about him.
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong.
No amount of reading or memorizing will make you successful in life. It is the understanding and application of wise thought which counts.
No army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come.
No culture can live if it attempts to be exclusive.
No dream is too big.
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.
No face which we can give to a matter will stead us so well at last as the truth. This alone wears well.
No law or ordinance is mightier than understanding.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.
No man ever listened himself out of a job.
No man is ever whipped until he quits in his own mind.
No man is rich enough to buy back his past.
No man should bring children into the world who is unwilling to persevere to the end in their nature and education.
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it.
No matter how bad your heart is broken the world doesn't stop for your grief.
No matter how busy you may think you are, you must find time for reading, or surrender. yourself to self-chosen ignorance.
No matter how dull, or how mean, or how wise a man is, he feels that happiness is his indisputable right.
No matter how good a friend is, they're going to hurt you every once in a while and it‘s up to you to forgive them for that.
No matter how painful in the short-term, remove all chronically stressful situations, environments and people from your life.
No matter how you feel, get up, dress up, and show up.
No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one can make you feel inferior without your permission.
No one ever attains success by simply doing what is required of him.
No one ever teaches well who wants to teach, or governs well who wants to govern.
No one has a right to consume happiness without producing it.
No one has deceived you more often that you have deceived yourself.
No one has ever drowned in sweat.
No one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatest good.
No one is a failure until they blame somebody else.
No one is a friend to his friend who does not love in return.
No one is in charge of your happiness except you.
No one is in control of your happiness but you; therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.
No one is so brave that he is not disturbed by something unexpected.
No one lives long enough to learn everything they need to learn starting from scratch.
To be successful, we absolutely, positively have to find people who have already paid the price to learn the things that we need to learn to achieve our goals.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
No one would have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm.
No one's head aches when he is comforting another.
No person has the right to rain on your dreams.
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new doorway for the human spirit.
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.
No sinner is ever saved after the first twenty minutes of a sermon.
No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.
No temptation can gravitate to a man unless there is that is his heart which is capable of responding to it.
No trace of slavery ought to mix with the studies of the freeborn man. No study, pursued under compulsion, remains rooted in the memory.
No trumpets sound when the important decisions of our life are made.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
Nobody can be successful if he doesn't love his work, love his job.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.
Nobody gets old by surprise.
Nobody wakes up in the morning choosing to be the villain.
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
Noise proves nothing. Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.
Non-violence and truth are inseparable and presuppose one another.
Non-violence is not a garment to be put on and off at will. Its seat is in the heart, and it must be an inseparable part of our being.
Non-violence is the article of faith.
Non-violence is the first article of my faith. It is also the last article of my creed.
Non-violence is the greatest force at the disposal of mankind. It is mightier than the mightiest weapon of destruction devised by the ingenuity of man.
Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution. Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages.
Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man.
Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.
None are so fond of secrets as those who do not mean to keep them.
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
None will improve your lot in life if you yourself do not.
Not being able to govern events, I govern myself.
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.
Not only must we be good, but we must also be good for something.
Not to help justice in her need would be an impiety.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
Nothing average ever stood as a monument to progress. When progress is looking for a partner it doesn't turn to those who believe they are only average. It turns instead to those who are forever searching and striving to become the best they possibly can.
Nothing can be more absurd than the practice that prevails in our country of men and women not following the same pursuits with all their strengths and with one mind, for thus, the state instead of being whole is reduced to half.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
Nothing comes from doing nothing.
Nothing goes by luck in composition. It allows of no tricks. The best you can write will be the best you are.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Nothing happens unless first a dream.
Nothing in the affairs of men is worthy of great anxiety.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
Nothing is an obstacle unless you say it is.
Nothing is ever lost by courtesy. It is the cheapest of the pleasures, costs nothing and conveys much. It pleases him who gives and him who receives, and thus, like mercy, it is twice blessed.
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which cannot be enforced.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles.
Nothing is so exhausting as indecision, and nothing is so futile.
Nothing is to be rated higher than the value of the day.
Nothing is troublesome that we do willingly.
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes and longitudes.
Nothing on earth can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude." Nothing that was worthy in the past departs; no truth or goodness realized by man ever dies, or can die.
Nothing so needs reforming as much as other people's habits.
Nothing strengthens the judgment and quickens the conscience like individual responsibility.
Nothing wins more often than superior preparation.
Now if there is one thing that we do worse than any other nation, it is try and manage somebody else's affairs.
Now is no time to think of what you do not have. Think of what you can do with what there is.
Now there is one outstanding important fact regarding spaceship earth, and that is that no instruction book came with it.
Obligations are a fraud.
Observation is the genesis of all knowledge and progress... and is the first and last step of every thinking man's tool - The Scientific Method. All science and most progress is built on the Scientific Method (most non-scientists use it by accident). The steps are: 1) OBSERVATION. Gathering and rationally organizing facts. This is where most people fail. 2) INDUCTIVE REASONING. Forming a hypothesis – or a generalization of facts held to be true. 3) EXTRAPOLATION. Making a projection or prediction based on the hypothesis in areas you didn't yet observe. 4) OBSERVATION. A test for the hypothesis to see if it works.
Observe all men, yourself more than any other.
Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up.
Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Occurrences in this domain are beyond the reach of exact prediction because of the variety of factors in operation, not because of any lack of order in nature.
Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language.
Of all our human resources, the most precious is the desire to improve.
Of all the senses, sight must be the most delightful.
Of all the things I've done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a certain goal.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
Of the billionaires I have known, money just brings out the basic traits in them. If they were jerks before they had money, they are simply jerks with a billion dollars.
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left.
Old age, believe me, is a good and pleasant thing. It is true you are gently shouldered off the stage, but then you are given such a comfortable front stall as spectator.
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
Old age is no place for sissies.
Old deeds for old people, and new deeds for new.
Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend – or a meaningful day.
On life's journey faith is nourishment, virtuous deeds are a shelter, wisdom is the light by day and right mindfulness is the protection by night. If a man lives a pure life, nothing can destroy him.
Once a man has made a commitment to a way of life, he puts the greatest strength in the world behind him. It's something we call ―Heart Power.‖ Once a man has made this kind of commitment, this level of commitment, nothing can stop him from having the success he desires and deserves.
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.
Once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior.
Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay and are willing to pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the pressures, to obstacles and the temporary failures.
Once you have mastered time, you will understand how true it is that most people overestimate what they can accomplish in a year - and underestimate what they can achieve in a decade!
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. Once you learn to win, it becomes a habit.
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
One cannot help but be in awe when he contemplates the mysteries of eternity, of life, of the marvelous structure of reality.
One cool judgment is worth a dozen hasty councils. The thing to do is to supply light and not heat.
One does evil enough when one does nothing good.
One fails forward toward success.
One generation plants the trees; another gets the shade.
One good teacher in a lifetime may sometimes change a delinquent into a solid citizen.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
One man cannot practice many arts with success.
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than fifty preaching it.
One man with courage makes a majority.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
One must change one's tactics every ten years if one wishes to maintain one's superiority.
One must marry one's feelings to one's beliefs and ideas. That is probably the only way to achieve a measure of harmony in one's life.
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do.
One of the greatest moments in anybody's developing experience is when he no longer tries to hide from himself but determines to get acquainted with himself as he really is.
One of the greatest pieces of economic wisdom is to know what you do not know.
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government.
One of the most adventurous things left us is to go to bed. For no one can lay a hand on our dreams.
One of the most courageous things you can do is identify yourself, know who you are, what you believe in and where you want to go.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.
One of the unfortunate things about our education system is that we do not teach students how to avail themselves of their subconscious capabilities.
One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.
One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power. Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
One should always play fairly when one has the winning cards.
One sometimes tells a lie, but the grimace that accompanies it tells the truth.
One strength of the communist system of the East is that it has some of the character of a religion and inspires the emotions of a religion.
One thing no one can ever take away from you is the way you choose to respond to what happens in your life. The innermost personal and private freedom is the freedom to choose how you feel and how you react in any given circumstance.
One thing you can't recycle is wasted time.
One-third of the people in the United States promote, while the other two-thirds provide.
One ―today‖ is worth two ―tomorrows.‖ One very clear impression I had of all the Beautiful People was their prudence. It may be that they paid for their own airline tickets, but they paid for little else.
One way or another, we all have to find what best fosters the flowering of our humanity in this contemporary life, and dedicate ourselves to that.
One who is injured ought not to return the injury, for on no account can it be right to do an injustice; and it is not right to return an injury, or to do evil to any man, however much we have suffered from him.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.
One worthwhile task carried to a successful conclusion is worth half-a-hundred halffinished tasks.
One's first step in wisdom is to question everything - and one's last is to come to terms with everything.
One's own religion is after all a matter between oneself and one's Maker and no one else's.
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
Only buy something that you'd be perfectly happy to hold if the market shut down for 10 years.
Only by confronting life‘s challenges… that seem to be beyond your abilities at the moment… can you grow, develop and blossom.
Only he can take great resolves who has indomitable faith in God and has fear of God.
Only he is successful in his business who makes that pursuit which affords him the highest pleasure sustain him.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Only one who devotes himself to a cause with his whole strength and soul can be a true master. For this reason mastery demands all of a person.
Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Only that day dawns to which we are awake.
Only the man who does not need it, is fit to inherit wealth, the man who would make his fortune no matter where he started.
Only the properly prepared speaker deserves to be confident.
Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Only when the tide goes out do you discover who's been swimming naked.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means.
Only when your consciousness is totally focused on the moment you are in can you receive whatever gift, lesson, or delight that moment has to offer.
Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance.
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks a lot like work.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
Opportunity rarely knocks on your door. Knock rather on opportunity's door if you ardently wish to enter.
Opportunities never come to those who wait… they are captured by those who dare to attack.
Opportunities to find deeper powers within ourselves come when life seems most challenging.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other.
Optimism means expecting the best, but confidence means knowing how to handle the worst. Never make a move if you are merely optimistic.
Ordinary people seem not to realize that those who really apply themselves in the right way to philosophy are directly and of their own accord preparing themselves for dying and death.
Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot. In your soul are infinitely precious things that cannot be taken from you.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
Our background and circumstances may have influenced who we are, but, we are responsible for who we become.
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
Our code and standards - the things we live by and teach our children – are preserved or diminished by how freely we exchange ideas and feelings.
Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations.
Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment.
Our favorite holding period is forever.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Our greatest lack is not money for any undertaking, but rather ideas, If the ideas are good, cash will somehow flow to where it is needed.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Our history begins before we are born. We represent the hereditary influences of our race, and our ancestors virtually live in us.
Our houses are such unwieldy property that we are often imprisoned rather than housed by them.
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
Our inventions are wont to be pretty toys, which distract our attention from serious things. They are but improved means to an unimproved end.
Our language is the reflection of ourselves. A language is an exact reflection of the character and growth of its speakers.
Our life is composed greatly from dreams, from the unconscious, and they must be brought into connection with action. They must be woven together.
Our life is frittered away by detail... simplify, simplify.
Our life is what our thoughts make it. A man will find that as he alters his thoughts toward things and other people, things and other people will alter towards him.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand.
Our moments of inspiration are not lost though we have no particular poem to show for them; for those experiences have left an indelible impression, and we are ever and anon reminded of them.
Our names are labels, plainly printed on the bottled essence of our past behavior.
Our necessities will never out number our wants.
Our object in the construction of the state is the greatest happiness of the whole, and not that of any one class.
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty.
Our truest life is when we are in our dreams awake.
Our words reveal our thoughts; our manners reveal our self-esteem; our actions reveal our character; our habits predict our future.
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
Out-think, out-innovate, out-hustle, and out-serve the competition, and vividly visualize yourself as winning before entering into every deal or competitive situation. Maintain a blood-smelling, fighter pilot, life-or-death attitude when any deal gets near to a close.
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
Outside of yourself, you control nothing… but you can manage anything.
Over prepare, then go with the flow.
Overcome fear by attacking it.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Parents are usually more careful to bestow knowledge on their children rather than virtue, the art of speaking well rather than doing well; but their manners should be of the greatest concern.
Parents have become so convinced that educators know what is best for their children that they forget that they themselves are really the experts.
Part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough. Sometimes you have to give up the fight and walk away, and move on to something that's more productive.
Part of the happiness of life consists not in fighting battles, but in avoiding them. A masterly retreat is in itself a victory.
Part of your heritage in this society is the opportunity to become financially independent.
Participate joyfully in the sorrows of the world. We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
Passion is the genesis of genius.
Passion is the secret-genius behind every genius.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
Patience is profitable.
Patience is: The ability to let your light shine even after your fuse has blown.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Pay off your credit cards every month.
Pay yourself first.
Paying the ―three prices of success.‖ Success is like anything else that‘s worthwhile. It comes with a price that must be paid. You have to pay the price (1) to get to the point where success is possible… you have to pay the price (2) to win. And, most important, you must pay the price (3) to stay there.
Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Peace I leave with you; my peace I give to you; not as the world gives do I give to you.
Peace is its own reward.
People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didn't they?
People are always telling me that change is good. But all that means is that something you didn't want to happen has happened.
People are eternally divided into two classes, the believer, builder, and praiser, and the unbeliever, destroyer and critic.
People are like dirt. They can either nourish you and help you grow as a person or they can stunt your growth and make you wilt and die.
People are like precious stones. They shine in direct relationship to how much abrasion they‘ve been exposed to.
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
People are very open-minded about new things - as long as they're exactly like the old ones.
People are where they are because that is exactly where they really want to be – whether they will admit that or not.
People ask me if I could fly, I said, "yeah.... for a little while.
People become really quite remarkable when they start thinking that they can do things.
People can change. You can change.
People create their own questions because they are afraid to look straight. All you have to do is look straight and see the road, and when you see it, don't sit looking at it – walk.
People deal too much with the negative, what is wrong.... Why not try and see positive things, to just touch those things and make them bloom.
People do what works.
People don‘t always remember the exact words you used, but they never forget how you made them feel.
People don't buy for logical reasons. They buy for emotional reasons.
People don‘t care about you until… first… they perceive in their own mind that you care about them.
People don't follow titles, they follow courage.
People don‗t like to think. If one thinks, one must reach conclusions. Conclusions are not always pleasant.
People don't resist change. They resist being changed.
People fear anything they don‘t understand.
People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters.
People learn to lead because they care about something.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
People love chopping wood. In this activity one immediately sees results.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
People only have the power over you that you have given to them.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
People should think things out fresh and not just accept conventional terms and the conventional way of doing things.
People Skills and Self-Management Skills are the keys to your success and happiness.
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
People take the longest possible paths, digress to numerous dead ends, and make all kinds of mistakes. Then historians come along and write summaries of this messy, nonlinear process and make it appear like a simple, straight line.
People think of the inventor as a screwball, but no one ever asks the inventor what he thinks of other people.
People treat you like you teach them to treat you. A success key is positioning yourself at the top of their agenda.
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents.
People who bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them.
People who fly into a rage always make a bad landing.
People who have good relationships at home are more effective in the marketplace.
People will do almost anything to stay in their comfort zones. If you want to accomplish anything, you have to leave your comfort zone.
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine.
People with courage and character always seem sinister to the rest.
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
People's minds are changed through observation and not through argument.
Perception is what you believe to be true based on five things: Sight; Smell; Taste; Touch and Hearing.
Perception - Two people can look at the exact same thing and each sees something totally different.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Perfection of means and confusion of ends seem to characterize our age.
Perhaps the action you take will be successful; perhaps different action or adjustments will have to follow.
Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it ought to be done, whether you like it or not; it is the first lesson that ought to be learned; and however early a man's training begins, it is probably the last lesson that he learns thoroughly.
Perhaps the single most important element in mastering the techniques and tactics of racing is experience. But once you have the fundamentals, acquiring the experience is a matter of time.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
Persistence is a unique mental strength; a strength that is essential to combat the fierce power of the repeated rejections and numerous other obstacles that sit in waiting and are all part of winning in a fast-moving, ever-changing world.
Persistence along with quality activities are is a sure path to success.
Persistence is the twin sister of excellence. One is a matter of quality; the other, a matter of time.
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.
Persistence, persistence, persistence.
Persistence – The sustained effort necessary to induce faith. (Step #8 to success.) Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure.
Persons with weight of character carry, like planets, their atmospheres along with them in their orbits.
Pessimism never won any battle.
Pessimist: One who, when he has the choice of two evils, chooses both.
Philosophy begins in wonder.
Philosophy is the highest music.
Picture yourself in your minds eye as having already achieved this goal. See yourself doing the things you'll be doing when you've reached your goal.
Plan your progress carefully; hour by hour, day by day, month after month. Organized activity and maintained enthusiasm are the well-springs of your power.
Planning, Organized – The crystallization of desire into action. (Sixth Step to Success) Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment.
Play for more than you can afford to lose and you will learn the game.
Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history.
Poets utter great and wise things which they do not themselves understand.
Politeness is the poison of collaboration.
Political Correctness was created for the benefit for those among us who are not mature enough to handle the truth.
Politicians are like an unfaithful lover who promises us more than we got.
Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity.
Pollution is nothing but the resources we are not harvesting. We allow them to disperse because we've been ignorant of their value.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Positive thinking won't let you do anything but it will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Potentially, a government is the most dangerous threat to man's rights: it holds a legal monopoly on the use of physical force against legally disarmed victims.
Poverty is the worst form of self-inflicted violence.
Poverty is totally unnecessary for anyone willing to read a few books at the free library and then, take action on what you‘ve learned about how to do for others. Nobody, in the history of the world, ever earned one dollar without first serving humanity in some beneficial way.
Power comes from stripping away appearances and seeing things as they really are.
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.
Power is not only what you have but what the other side thinks you have.
Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect.
Practice random acts of kindness and senseless acts of beauty.
Praise out of season, or tactlessly bestowed, can freeze the heart as much as blame.
Prayer is a confession of one's own unworthiness and weakness.
Prayer is not an old woman's idle amusement. Properly understood and applied, it is the most potent instrument of action.
Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening.
Prediction by analogy -creativity - is so pervasive we normally don't notice it.
Presence is more than just being there.
Press on. Obstacles are seldom the same size tomorrow as they are today.
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
Pride costs us more than hunger, thirst and cold.
Principles have no real force except when one is well-fed.
Problems are not stop signs, they are just guidelines.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
Problems are simply a part of life that appear and fade away like algebra class but the lessons you learn will last you a lifetime.
Problems are the price of progress. Don't bring me anything but trouble. Good news weakens me.
Procrastination is attitude‘s natural assassin. Nothing is so fatiguing as an unfinished task.
Procrastination is the bad habit of putting off until the day after tomorrow what should have been done the day before yesterday.
Procrastination, Overcoming – Requires a vision of you after you have what you desire.
Produce for wealth creation and accumulation.
Produce more than you consume.
Producing more than you consume is the only justification for existence.
Producing results is more important than proving you're right. To get things done, try to understand others' frames of references, points of view, needs and wants. Then determine what is honest, fair, effective and rational... and act accordingly.
Productivity is never an accident. It is always the result of a commitment to excellence, intelligent planning, and focused effort.
Progress in every age results only from the fact that there are some men and women who refuse to believe that what they know to be right cannot be done.
Progress is a continued effort to swim against the stream.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Prohibition was better than no liquor at all.
Promises are like crying babies in a theater, they should be carried out at once.
Prosperity is the best protector of principles.
Protect your downside. The upside will take care of itself. Cut your losses short - and let your profits run. This takes tremendous discipline.
Providence has its appointed hour for everything. We cannot command results, we can only strive.
Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.
Purity of personal life is the one indispensable condition for building up a sound education.
Purposely look for opportunities.
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.
Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.
Put first things first. Prioritize everything in your life. Work on what yields the maximum benefit to you first. Everything else is secondary to your number one priority.
Put the magical power of compound interest to work with every available dollar.
Putting knowledge into action‘ is the real key to success.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Question everything. Don't believe it's true or right just because it's conventional.
Questions are the answer.
Rarely do we find men who willingly engage in hard, solid thinking. There is an almost universal quest for easy answers and half-baked solutions.
Rashness is the faithful, but unhappy parent of misfortune.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
Rationalizations are generally convenient evasions of reality and are used as excuses for dishonest behavior, mistakes and/or laziness.
Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them at all.
Read something positive every night and listen to something helpful every morning.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
Readers are leaders.
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Reading and memorizing will never make it happen for you. Only understanding and application of the right ideas that will produce the results you desire.
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students.
Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present.
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not.
Real joy comes not from ease or riches or from the praise of men, but from doing something worthwhile.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Real regrets only come from not doing your best. All else is out of your control.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Reason has always existed, but not always in a reasonable form.
Reason is not automatic. Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it. Do not count on them. Leave them alone.
Reason often makes mistakes, but conscience never does.
Reduce your ―personal-success-in-life‖ plan to writing. The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to your intangible desire.
Reduce your plan to writing. The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire.
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many - not on your past.
Refuse to be swayed by emotion when it conflicts with reason.
Regardless of your lot in life, build something beautiful on it.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
Regrets? Only from what I didn‘t do when I had the opportunity not what I actually did.
Reinvent yourself as often as is necessary.
Relationships are the hallmark of the mature person.
Religion is a matter of the heart. No physical inconvenience can warrant abandonment of one's own religion.
Religion is more than life. Remember that his own religion is the truest to every man even if it stands low in the scales of philosophical comparison.
Religiously nourish your body with proper nutrition, exercise, recreation, sleep and relaxation techniques.
Remember, a real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have, it depends solely upon what you think.
Remember, if you‘re headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns!
Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place. A far more difficult thing to do is to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the most tempting moment.
Remember that credit is money.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism. Confronting your fears and allowing yourself the right to be human can, paradoxically, make you a far happier and more productive person.
Repetition is the mother of learning; the father of action; which makes it the architect of accomplishment.
Repetition of the same thought or physical action develops into a habit which, repeated frequently enough, becomes an automatic reflex.
Reputation is your character minus what you've been caught doing.
Resistance to tyranny is obedience to God.
Respect commands itself and can neither be given nor withheld when it is due.
Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
Restlessness is discontent and discontent is the first necessity of progress. Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work.
Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples.
Retrain your brain.
Retrain your brain to stay-on-task until the job is complete.
Reveal not every secret you have to a friend, for how can you tell but that friend hereafter become an enemy. And bring not all mischief you are able to upon an enemy, for he one day he may become your friend.
Review the basics of your profession at least once per year.
Rewards are rare without risks, but take only carefully calculated risks. Make sure the odds are on your side.
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.
Riches do not consist in the possession of treasures, but in the use made of them.
Right thinking begins with the words we say to ourselves.
Rights that do not flow from duty well performed are not worth having.
Righteousness is easy in retrospect.
Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing.
Risk is a part of God's game, alike for men and nations.
Risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinions of others, for those voices. Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.
Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength.
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Run for your life from any man who tells you that money is evil. That sentence is the leper's bell of an approaching looter.
Sales and Marketing is the very foundation for all long-lasting businesses.
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment, full effort is full victory.
Savages we call them because their manners differ from ours Save a minimum of 20% of all earnings.
Save as much as you can but, never less than 10% of what you earn.
Save – Become your own banker.
Save – Become your own landlord.
Save for retirement starting with your first paycheck.
Science and psychology have isolated the one prime cause for success or failure in life. It is the hidden self-image you have of yourself.
Science is a method to keep yourself from kidding yourself.
Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it.
Science is nothing but perception.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Science may have found a cure for most evils; but it has found no remedy for the worst of them all - the apathy of human beings.
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
Search others for their virtue, and yourself for your vices.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Seek and ye shall find.
Seek out people in life who are smarter than you are about what would help you most and then, listen more than you talk.
Seize the moment of excited curiosity on any subject to solve your doubts; for if you let it pass, the desire never return, and you remain in ignorance.
Seek out that particular mental attribute which makes you feel most deeply and vitally alive, along with which comes the inner voice which says, "This is the real me," and when you have found that attitude, follow it.
Select the KIND of business that best suits your natural inclinations and temperament.
Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.
Self-Confident – You need a ―If they can do it, I can do it‖ moment in your life. Having the self-confidence that ―I can do it‖ is a form of faith.
Self-Management Skills and People Skills are the keys to your success and happiness.
Self-pity gets you nowhere. One must have the adventurous daring to accept oneself as a bundle of possibilities and undertake the most interesting game in the world -making the most of one's best.
Self-pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in this world.
Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble.
Self-respect knows no considerations.
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
Serenity is not freedom from the storm, but calmness within the storm.
Service is what life is all about.
Service to others is the rent we pay for being here. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.
Service which is rendered without joy helps neither the servant nor the served. But all other pleasures and possessions pale into nothingness before service which is rendered in a spirit of joy.
Set a goal and don't quit until you attain it. When you do attain it, repeat the process.
Set a goal to achieve something that is so big, so exhilarating that it excites you and scares you at the same time. It must be a goal that is so appealing, so much in line with your spiritual core, that you can't get it out of your mind. If you do not get chills when you set a goal, your not setting big enough goals.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Setting a goal is not the main thing. It is deciding how you will go about achieving it and staying with that plan.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Sex Transmutation, Mystery of – (Step #10 to success.) Shall I not have intelligence with the earth? Am I not partly leaves and vegetable mould myself.
Should you find yourself in a chronically leaking boat, energy devoted to changing vessels is likely to be more productive than energy devoted to patching leaks.
Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser.
Show me a guy who's afraid to look bad, and I'll show you a guy you can beat every time.
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Simplify, simplify.
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other "sins" are invented nonsense. (Hurting yourself is not a sin – it‘s just stupid.) Since when has the world of computer software design been about what people want? This is a simple question of evolution. The day is quickly coming when every knee will bow down to a silicon fist, and you will all beg your binary gods for mercy.
Sit in silence for at least 10 minutes each day.
Situations aren't important. How you react to them is. You have to play it where it lies.
Sixth Sense, The – The door to the temple of wisdom. (The XX step toward riches.) Skepticism is a key to rational thinking.
Skills - Learn how to learn and then, learn as much as you can about everything. It‘s not important that you always have the answers to every question you‘ll be faced with in life however, it is critical that you learn where to find the answers to all of these questions.
Slavery begins with ―mandatory volunteering.‖ Sleep is the best meditation.
Small is the number of people who see with their eyes and think with their minds.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Smell is a potent wizard that transports you across thousands of miles and all the years you have lived.
Smile and laugh more. It will keep the energy vampires away.
So celebrate what you've accomplished, but raise the bar a little higher each time you succeed.
So go ahead. Fall down. The world looks different from the ground.
So great has been the endurance, so incredible the achievement, that, as long as the sun keeps a set course in heaven, it would be foolish to despair of the human race.
So, here are some of the best sports motivational quotes for you to read and take inspiration from, not only in sports but also in life itself: So let's be honest with ourselves and not take ourselves too serious, and never condemn the other fellow for doing what we are doing every day, only in a different way.
So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.
So long as we live among men, let us cherish humanity.
So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money?
So you won‘t be forgotten as soon as you‘re dead, either write something worth reading or do things worth writing about.
Socialism appeals to psychological and intellectual weaklings. Identify and replace all external authorities with internal strength and competence.
Socialism: Tax dollars at work… for those who don‘t.
Solitude is painful when one is young, but delightful when one is more mature.
Some are reputed sick and some are not. It often happens that the sicker man is the nurse to the sounder.
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested: that is, some books are to be read only in parts, others to be read, but not curiously, and some few to be read wholly, and with diligence and attention.
Some broad themes brought me where I am today. At a very young age, my hobby became thinking and finding connections.
Some men give up their designs when they have almost reached the goal; While others, on the contrary, obtain a victory by exerting, at the last moment, more vigorous efforts than ever before.
Some men see things as they are and say, "Why?" I dream of things that never were and say, "Why not?" Some of us will do our jobs well and some will not, but each of us will be judged by only one thing – that is the end result of our individual effectiveness.
Some of our greatest historical and artistic treasures we place in museums; others, we take for walks.
Some of the greatest battles will be fought within the silent chambers of your own soul.
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
Some people are at the top of the ladder, some are in the middle, still more are at the bottom, and a whole lot more don't even know there is a ladder.
Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75.
Some people don‘t possess wealth; it possesses them.
Some people plant in the spring and leave in the summer. If you're signed up for a season, see it through. You don't have to stay forever, but at least stay until you see it through.
Some people say I have attitude - maybe I do...but I think you have to. You have to believe in yourself when no one else does - that makes you a winner right there.
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Something constructive comes out of every defeat.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Sometimes one creates a dynamic impression by saying something, and sometimes one creates as significant an impression by remaining silent.
Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing.
Sometimes, the people you expect to kick you when you're down will be the ones to help you get back up.
Sometimes we crash and burn. It's better to do it in private.
Sometimes we learn more from a man's errors, than from his virtues.
Sometimes, when I'm angry I have the right to be angry, but that doesn't give me the right to be cruel.
Sometimes you need to face adversity in order to become successful.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Sometimes, your greatest asset may be your ability to stay focused on the work that must be done longer than anyone else.
Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing that we see too late the one that is open.
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them.
Speak ill of no man, but speak all the good you know of everybody.
Speak only the truth.
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger; give, if thou art asked for little; by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.
Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners.
Specialized Knowledge – Personal experiences or observations Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.
Speculation is only a word covering the making of money out of the manipulation of prices, instead of supplying goods and services.
Spend just as much time feeding your brain as you do feeding your body.
Spend less than you earn and you‘ll always have a surplus of money.
Spend more time with people over seventy and under the age of six.
Spend more time working on building you instead of your business. Then, spend more time working "on" your business than "in" your business.
Spending money you have not yet earned leads to a place you don‘t really want to be.
Spiritual relationship is far more precious than physical. Physical relationship divorced from spiritual is body without soul.
Sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence.
Sports teach us the principles to win the game of life but to succeed in any game what is needed the most is inspiration and dedication. Here are some of the inspirational quotes that would ignite the fire of determination in any sports person.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Square your shoulders to the world, be not the kind to quit; It‘s not the load that weighs your down but the way you carry it.
Stand a little less between me and the sun.
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You will find that they haven't half the strength you think they have.
Start where you are with what you have. Make something of it and never be satisfied.
States are as the men, they grow out of human characters.
States are not moral agents, people are, and can impose moral standards on powerful institutions.
Statistics are no substitute for judgment.
Statistics suggest that when customers complain, business owners and managers ought to get excited about it. The complaining customer represents a huge opportunity for more business.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Stop blaming others. Take responsibility for all areas of your life.
Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Stress kills.
Strip all limits from your imagination on every deal and look for an unconventional creative opportunity in every mistake, crisis or problem.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Strive to become not a man of success but a man of value.
Strive to increase order and discipline in your life.
Students must have initiative; they should not be mere imitators. They must learn to think and act for themselves - and be free.
Study alone is no substitute for experience.
Study leads to understanding. Understanding leads to wisdom. Wisdom leads to faith.
Faith leads to well-being. Well-being leads to expression. Expression leads to acceleration. Moving faster in a calmer way leads to self-confidence. Self-confidence leads to creation. Creation leads to transition. Transition is change.
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
Study nature, not books.
Study the past, so you can ‗see‘ the future.
Stuff happens. The stuff that happens, good or bad, isn‘t what‘s important. What is important is how you react to it.
Sub-Conscious Mind, The – The connecting Link (Step #11 to success.) Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?
Success comes in cans; failure in can'ts Success comes quickly to those whom develop great powers of intense sustained concentration.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Success demands singleness of purpose.
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
Success does not come from one big idea, but from relentless application to detail.
Success has many definitions. It begins with a dream, a vision of where we want to go and a determination to persevere Success, in a generally accepted sense of the term, means the opportunity to experience and to realize to the maximum the forces that are within us.
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.
Success includes achievement… while choosing and directing your own activities.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands.
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Success is neither magical or mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.
Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration.
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed.
Success is what you attract by the person you become.
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.
Success means enjoying intimate relationships and loving what you do in life.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, "What's in it for me?" Successful people are clear on their purpose in life – and they are committed to it.
Successful people are simply those with successful habits.
Successful people are willing to do what unsuccessful people are unwilling to do. They both are capable of doing what needs to be done. They both can do what needs to be done. The only difference that separates the two groups is one is willing, the other is not.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
Successful people begin where failures leave off. Never settle for "just getting the job done." Excel!
Surmounting difficulty is the raw ingredient that forms character.
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community.
Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.
Swing hard, in case they throw the ball where you're swinging.
Tactics means doing what you can with what you have to work with.
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
Take a deep breath. It calms the mind.
Take advantage of every opportunity to practice your communication skills so that when important occasions arise, you will have the gift, the style, the sharpness, the clarity, and the emotions to affect other people.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
Take care that no one hates you justly.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
Take control of your consistent emotions and begin to consciously and deliberately reshape your daily experience of life.
Take full control of, and responsibility for, your conscious mind and every other aspect of your life.
Take full responsibility for your actions or… lack of action.
Take good care of those you love.
Take 100 percent responsibility for your life.
Take personal responsibility for your own success.
Take 10-to-30 minute walks every day and while you walk, smile.
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Take time for all things: great haste makes great waste.
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
Take time to gather up the past so that you will be able to draw from your experience and invest them in the future.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea.
Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success, that is the way great spiritual giants are produced.
Take what you can get until you can get what you want.
Take your life in your own hands. Guess what happens? A terrible thing: there‘s no one else to blame.
Taking an interest in what others are thinking and doing is often a much more powerful form of encouragement than praise.
Talent is only the starting point.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.
Talk not of wasted affection; affection never was wasted.
Tasks always expand to fill the allotted time to do it.
Teach this triple truth to all: A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity.
Teachers are expected to reach unattainable goals with inadequate tools. The miracle is that at times they accomplish this impossible task.
Teachers should guide without dictating, and participate without dominating.
Teaching is the profession that teaches all the other professions.
Teaching is not a lost art, but the regard for it is a lost tradition.
Teamwork divides the task and doubles the success.
Teamwork is so important that it is virtually impossible for you to reach the heights of your capabilities or make the money that you want without becoming very good at it.
Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.
Teamwork is what the Green Bay Packers were all about. They didn't do it for individual glory. They did it because they loved one another.
Teamwork: Simply stated is, less me and more we.
Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.
Television is not real life. In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs.
Tell a person they are brave and you help them become so.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
Tell me who you walk with and I‘ll tell you who you are.
Tell the audience what you're going to say, say it; then tell them what you've said Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
That a majority of people do not wish for any important change in their lives merely proves that they are slaves to their own habits.
That best portion of a good man's life; His little, nameless, unremembered acts; Of kindness and love.
That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God.
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.
That man is rich whose pleasures are the cheapest.
That man is the richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
That service is the noblest which is rendered for its own sake.
That which is most satisfying is that which is earned.
That which we persist in doing becomes easier - not that the nature of the task has changed, but our ability to do has increased.
The ability to change your life comes from the power of love in your heart. Love connects you to other people's emotions. It's the ultimate source of emotional fuel, so plug into it!
The abundant life does not come to those who have had a lot of obstacles removed from their path by others. It develops from within and is rooted in strong mental and moral fiber.
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.
The activist is not the man who says the river is dirty. The activist is the man who cleans up the river.
The aim of argument, or of discussion, should not be victory, but progress.
The ancestor to every action is a thought.
The answer to three questions will determine your success or failure. 1 - Can people trust me to do my best? 2 - Am I committed to the task in hand? 3 - Do I care about other people and show it?
If the answers to all three questions are yes, there is no way you can fail.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
The art of success is knowing what to do next.
The art of teaching is the art of assisting discovery.
The artist is he who detects and applies the law from observation of the works of genius, whether of man or nature. The artisan is he who merely applies the rules which others have detected.
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%.
The battle is all over except the "shouting" when one knows what is wanted and has made up his mind to get it, whatever the price may be.
The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
The best and fastest way to learn a sport is to watch and imitate a champion.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
The best investment you will ever make is in yourself.
The best investment you will ever make is your steady increase of knowledge.
The best is yet to come.
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses.
The best opportunities in life are the ones we create. Goal setting provides for you the opportunity to create an extraordinary life.
The best surprise is when there are no surprises in a business transaction.
The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself.
The best teachers teach from the heart, not from the book.
The best thing to give to your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child, a good example; to a father, deference; to your mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all men, charity.
The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil.
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. The second best time is now.
The best way out of a difficulty is through it.
The best way to build desire is to make resolute choices for the future.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
The best way to get started is to get started.
The best way to have good ideas is to have lots of ideas.
The best way to have what you want, is to want what you have.
The best way to predict the future is to fully understand the past.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself.
The best you can expect is half-hearted results from half-hearted efforts.
The better part of one's life consists of his friendships.
The big question is whether you are going to be able to say a hearty yes to your adventure.
The big reason most people don‘t recognize opportunity is, opportunity usually comes into your life wearing a clever disguise. It looks a lot like a problem. Every problem needs to be solved. That‘s where the opportunity is. Regardless of what you think you do for a living; regardless of your job title; regardless of what your job description says you do, you are first and foremost nothing more than a problem solver.
The big thing is that you know what you want.
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
The biggest gap in your life is that between what you know and what you do.
The biggest job we have is to teach a newly hired employee how to fail intelligently. We have to train him to experiment over and over and to keep on trying and failing until he learns what will work.
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else. Job security is gone. The driving force of a career must come from the individual. Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, but you own your career!
The biggest mistake we can make in our lives is to believe we work for anyone other than ourselves.
The biggest mistake you can make is to continually fear you will make one.
The birds are molting. If only man could molt also - his mind once a year its errors, his heart once a year its useless passions.
The blame is his who chooses: God is blameless.
The bluebird carries the sky on his back.
The body is a community made up of its innumerable cells or inhabitants.
The body is an instrument, the mind its function, the witness and reward of its operation.
The book salesman should be honored because he brings to our attention, as a rule, the very books we need most and neglect most.
The book you don't read won't help you.
The brick walls are not there to keep us out; the brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something... because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don't want it badly enough. They're there to stop the other people, but not you, if you‘re willing.
The buck stops here.
The burned hand teaches best.
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective.
The cautious seldom err.
The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around.
The choice to exert integrated effort or to default to camouflaged laziness is the key choice that determines your character, competence and future. That critical choice must be made continually – throughout life.
The Christian's Bible is a drug store. Its contents remain the same, but the medical practice changes.
The city needs a car like a fish needs a bicycle.
The community which has neither poverty nor riches will always have the noblest principles.
The competitor to be feared most is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.
The conventional definition of management is getting work done through people, but real management is fully developing the potential of your people through work.
The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking.
The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
The country is full of good coaches. What it takes to win is a bunch of interested players.
The crystal-clear, laser-focused, single most important, (written) VISION of the future you, combined with a ‗world class level of commitment to the completion‘ of your stated PURPOSE, and the bullet-proof FAITH that you can and always will ‗take the next single necessary step‘ in the direction of the biggest single goal in your life along with the endless depth of your sincere GRATITUDE is how you can attract into your life anything you decide you either need or want. Life operates like a bank. It will ‗cash absolutely any size check you write‘… with your mind.
The cure for all the ills and wrongs, the cares, the sorrows, and the crimes of humanity, all lie in the one word, 'love'.
The curse of me and my nation is that we always think things can be bettered by immediate action of some sort, any sort rather than no sort.
The day ‗you decide to do it‘ is your lucky day.
The deepest human need is the need to be appreciated.
The discontented man finds no easy chair.
The desire of knowledge, like the thirst for riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it.
The desire to economize time and mental effort in arithmetical computations, and to eliminate human liability to error is probably as old as the science of arithmetic itself.
The devil has put a penalty on all things we enjoy in life. Either we suffer in health or we suffer in soul or we get fat.
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. You can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price.
The die is cast.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather in a lack of will. The will to succeed is critical to having the things you want.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination.
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug.
The difference between using the right word and using the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problem.
The difficulties you meet will resolve themselves as you advance. Proceed, and light will dawn, and shine with increasing clearness on your path.
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life.
The discipline of writing something down is the first step toward making it happen.
The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
The doors of wisdom are never shut.
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is the knowledge of our own ignorance The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called "truth.‖ The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.
The easy road to discipline includes discovering what you do best.
The easy road to discipline includes doing what is enjoyable to you.
The easy road to discipline includes doing what is important to you.
The easy road to discipline includes doing what you do best.
The easy road to discipline includes focusing on habits. Replace your bad habits and thought patterns, one-by-one, over time, with good habits and thought patterns.
The easy road to discipline includes setting deadlines.
The Eighth Wonder of the World is ―Compound Interest.‖ The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
The end of life is to be like God, and the soul following God will be like Him.
The environment is everything that isn't me.
The era of the rugged individual is giving way to the era of the team player. Everyone is needed, but no one is necessary.
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
The essence of all religions is one. Only their approaches are different.
The excessive increase of anything causes a reaction in the opposite direction.
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools.
The expression a woman wears on her face is far more important than the clothes she wears on her back.
The eyes of the soul of the multitudes are unable to endure the vision of the divine.
The fact is, 97% of people are born, live and die without ever learning the self-imposed rules, regulations and laws of how to earn money.
The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact than a drunken man is happier than a sober one.
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
The fact that man knows right from wrong proves his intellectual superiority to other creatures; but the fact that he can do wrong proves his moral inferiority to any creature that cannot.
The fantasy is always better than the reality.
The farmer has to be an optimist or he wouldn't still be a farmer.
The faster you go, the shorter you are.
The faults of a superior person are like the sun and moon. They have their faults, and everyone sees them; they change and everyone looks up to them.
The fear of becoming a 'has-been' keeps some people from becoming anything.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.
The fellow that can only see a week ahead is always the popular fellow, for he is looking with the crowd. But the one that can see years ahead, he has a telescope but he can't make anybody believe that he has it.
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch.
The fibers of all things have their tension and are strained like the strings of an instrument.
The finest workers in stone are not copper or steel tools, but the gentle touches of air and water working at their leisure with a liberal allowance of time.
The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue.
The first and greatest victory is to conquer yourself; to be conquered by yourself is of all things most shameful and vile.
The first half of your life, you will feel like lack of money is your biggest limitation. The second half of your life, you will feel like lack of time is your biggest limitation.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
The first of April is the day we remember what we are the other 364 days of the year.
The first rule is not to lose. The second rule is not to forget the first rule.
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.
The first rule of getting involved in anything is by asking focused questions.
The first rule of sharpening your mind is to be an alert and sensitive observer. Assume nothing. If it can't be observed, it's not true.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
The first thing the secretary types is the boss.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet.
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.
The foundation of achievement is intense desire. The world's highest achievers have the highest levels of dissatisfaction. Those with the lowest levels are the failures.
The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next.
The friendship that can cease has never been real.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The future is still so much bigger than the past.
The game is my life. It demands loyalty and responsibility, and it gives me back fulfillment and peace.
The Gateway to Christianity is not through an intricate labyrinth of dogma, but by a simple belief in the person of Christ.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge.
The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature.
The gods' service is tolerable, man's intolerable.
The good is the beautiful.
The good life is inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything. It's your mind you have to convince.
The good man is the friend of all living things.
The government who robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
The grand aim of all science is to cover the greatest number of empirical facts by logical deduction from the smallest number of hypotheses or axioms.
The great proof of madness is the disproportion of one's designs to one's means.
The great thieves lead away the little thief.
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs. Dreams are the seedlings of realities.
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when one asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer.
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
The greatest of faults, I should say, is to be conscious of none.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
The greatest wealth is to live content with little.
The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything; they just make the most of everything they have.
The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves, and this is the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of their life.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.
The harder someone tries to convince you to trust him, the less you should.
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.
The hardest struggle of all is to be something different from what the average man is.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody had decided not to see.
The hardest tumble a man can make is to fall over his own bluff.
The heart is forever inexperienced.
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.
The herd seek out the great, not for their sake but for their influence; and the great welcome them out of vanity or need.
The heresy of one age becomes the orthodoxy of the next.
The high destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule.
The higher your energy level, the more efficient your body The more efficient your body, the better you feel and the more you will use your talent to produce outstanding results.
The highest application of education is tolerance.
The highest reach of injustice is to be deemed just when you are not.
The highest use of capital is not to make more money, but to make money do more for the betterment of mankind The "how" you get it (with integrity) is more important than the "what".
The human body has two ears and one mouth. To be good at persuading or selling, you must learn to use those natural devices in proportion. Listen twice as much as you talk, and you'll succeed in persuading others nearly every time.
The human contribution is the essential ingredient. It is only in the giving of Oneself to others that we truly live.
The human father has to be confronted and recognized as human, as man who created a child and then, by his absence, left the child fatherless and then Godless.
The human mind is the greatest power in all of creation.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
The human race is governed by its imagination.
The human voice can never reach the distance that is covered by the still small voice of conscience.
The idea is not to block every shot. The idea is to make your opponent believe that you might block every shot.
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight.
The income tax has made liars out of more Americans than golf.
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow.
The investor of today does not profit from yesterday's growth.
The key to success is adding value to others' lives.
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.
The lack of money is the root of all evil.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
The language of excitement is at best picturesque merely. You must be calm before you can utter oracles.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
The law of harvest is to reap more than you sow. Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a habit and you reap a character. Sow a character and you reap a destiny.
The law of sacrifice is uniform throughout the world. To be effective it demands the sacrifice of the bravest and the most spotless.
The law will never make a man free; it is men who have got to make the law free.
The lawyer's truth is not Truth, but consistency or a consistent expediency.
The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant.
The legacy of heroes is the memory of a great name and the inheritance of a great Example.
The life of inner peace, is being harmonious and without stress, it‘s the easiest type of existence.
The light which puts out our eyes is darkness to us. Only that day dawns to which we are awake. There is more day to dawn. The sun is but a morning star.
The line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between political parties either - but right through every human heart.
The longest journey of any person is the journey inward.
The luck of having talent is not enough; one must also have a talent for luck.
The main difference between a cat and a lie is that a cat only has nine lives.
The main ingredient of stardom is the rest of the team.
The main purpose of life is to live rightly, think rightly, act rightly. The soul must languish when we give all our thought to the body.
The major reason for setting a goal is for what it makes of you to accomplish it. What it makes of you will always be the far greater value than what you get.
The major value in life is not what you get. The major value in life is what you become.
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
The man of science is a poor philosopher.
The man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled.
The man who cannot endure to have his errors and shortcomings brought to the surface and made known, but tries to hide them, is unfit to walk the highway of truth.
The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does.
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.
The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready.
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down as a failure.
The man who has no imagination has no wings.
The man who has won millions at the cost of his conscience is a failure.
The man who is a pessimist before 48 knows too much; if he is an optimist after it, he knows too little.
The man who is dissatisfied with himself, what can he do?
The man who lets a leader prescribe his course is a wreck being towed to the scrap heap.
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.
The man who never makes a mistake always takes orders from one who does.
The man who sows wrong thoughts and deeds and prays that God will bless him is in the position of a farmer who, having sown tares, asks God to bring forth for him a harvest of wheat.
The man who trims himself to suit everybody will soon whittle himself away.
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.
The man with the best job in the country is the vice-president. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, "How is the president?" The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has.
The marvelous richness of human experience would lose something of rewarding joy if there were no limitations to overcome. The hilltop hour would not be half so wonderful if there were no dark valleys to traverse.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.
The meanest, most contemptible kind of praise is that which first speaks well of a man, and then qualifies it with a "But." The measure of a man is what he does with power.
The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he never would be found out.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.
The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.
The mind is everything.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
The mind is the source of all happiness and un-happiness.
The mind moves in the direction of our currently dominant thoughts.
The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.
The mob is the mother of tyrants.
The moment there is suspicion about a person's motives, everything he does becomes tainted.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind.
The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to.
The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised.
The more credit you give away, the more will come back to you. The more you help others, the more they will want to help you.
The more effort you put into it, the harder it is to surrender.
The more I encourage my child to think for himself, the more he will care what I think.
The more intense the nature of a man, the more readily will he find meditation, and the more successfully will he practice it.
The more intensely we feel about an idea or a goal, the more assuredly the idea, buried deep in our subconscious, will direct us along the path to its fulfillment.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
The more people have studied different methods of bringing up children the more they have come to the conclusion that what good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing is best after all.
The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is.
The more things are forbidden, the more popular they become.
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good.
The more we learn of science, the more we see that its wonderful mysteries are all explained by a few simple laws so connected together and so dependent upon each other, that we see the same mind animating them all.
The more you can increase fear of drugs and crime, welfare mothers, immigrants and aliens, the more you control all the people.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
The more you know the less you need to say.
The more you learn about people, the more you will learn about yourself.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you desire.
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart.
The most called-upon prerequisite of a friend is an accessible ear.
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
The most damaging phrase in the language is: "It's always been done that way." The most essential factor is persistence, - the determination never to allow your energy or enthusiasm to be dampened by the discouragement that must inevitably come.
The most important choices you'll ever make are how you use your time.
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move.
The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery.
The most important thing about power is to make sure you don't have to use it.
The most important thing in acting is honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
The most important thing is to be whatever you are without shame.
The most important thing is God's blessing and if you believe in God and you believe in yourself, you have nothing to worry about.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible.
The most interesting information comes from children, for they tell all they know and then stop.
The most interesting thing about a postage stamp is the persistence with which it sticks to its job.
The most meaningful thing to live for is reaching your full potential.
The most pathetic person in the world is someone who has sight, but has no vision.
The most potent weapon of the oppressor is the mind of the oppressed.
The most precious things in life cannot be made by hand or bought by man.
The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion.
The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so.
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.
The name of the LORD is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe.
The nation that secures control of the air will ultimately control the world.
The nearest way to glory is to strive to be what you wish to be thought to be.
The 1990's sure aren't like the 1980's.
The noblest search is the search for excellence.
The number one rule of a profitable business is to stay in business. The more it costs a business to comply with the government‘s ever increasing number of rules, regulations, and laws, the more businesses will seek out countries where the cost of doing business is the lowest. As those companies relocate their offices and factories to places around the world, all of the jobs go there as well.
The object of the superior man is truth.
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love.
The only competition you will ever face is with your own ignorance.
The only constant is absolutely everything in the universe is always changing.
The only correct actions are those that demand no explanation and no apology.
The only difference between a problem and a solution is that people understand the solution.
The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets.
The only exercise some people get is jumping to conclusions, running down their friends, side-stepping responsibility, and pushing their luck!
The only guy I have to get better than is who I am right now.
The only lifelong, reliable motivations are those that come from within, and one of the strongest of those is the joy and pride that grow from knowing that you've just done something as well as you can do it.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
The only limit to your impact is your level-of-imagination and your level-of-commitment.
The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves.
The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today.
The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything.
The only person you have to live with is yourself The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own mind.
The only places you can read all day long is in school or prison. Those who choose to not read and finish school usually end up in prison where they have plenty of time to read.
The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
The only real job security is you do what you do better than anyone else.
The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
The only reason any business exists is to solve somebody else‘s problems.
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.
The only source of knowledge is experience.
The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.
The only thing that‘s permanently true is, nothing is permanent. Everything is temporary.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.
The only time to buy one of these is on a day with no "y" in it.
The only time you mustn't fail is the last time you try.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within.
The only way I'd worry about the weather is if it snows on our side of the field and not on theirs.‘ The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
The only way to predict the future is to have power to shape the future.
The only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
The opportunities of man are limited only by his imagination. But so few have imagination that there are ten thousand fiddlers to one composer.
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite of a profound truth well be another profound truth.
The pain of discipline is far less than the pain of regret.
The palest ink is better than the best memory.
The parents of ‗luck‘ are ‗preparation‘ and ‗opportunity‘.
The path to success is to take massive, focused action.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
The people and circumstances around me do not MAKE me what I am, they REVEAL who I am.
The people to fear are not those who disagree with you, but those who disagree with you and are too cowardly to let you know.
The people you care about most in life are taken from you too soon.
The perception of beauty is a moral test.
The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.
The person we believe ourselves to be will always act in a manner consistent with our self-image.
The person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
The person who knows one thing and does it better than anyone else, even if it only be the art of raising lentils, receives the crown he merits. If he raises all his energy to that end, he is a benefactor of mankind and its rewarded as such.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
The poets are only the interpreters of the Gods.
The point is that you can't be too greedy.
The policy of being too cautious is the greatest risk of all.
The poor and middle class work for money. The rich let money work for them.
The positive benefits flowing into our lives is directly related to the quantity and quality of out-bound positive benefits we have passed on to someone else.
The positive thought currently in your thoughts will create a positive result in your future.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
The possible is constantly being redefined, and I care deeply about helping humanity move forward.
The poverty program was not designed to eliminate poverty.
The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it.
The practice of forgiveness is our most important contribution to the healing of the world.
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
The price of excellence is discipline. The cost of mediocrity is disappointment.
The price of hating other human beings is loving oneself less.
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
The primary purpose of business is to create and keep customers. Marketing and innovation produce results. All other business functions are costs. Prospecting and increasing the average value and frequency of sales are the bedrock of marketing and business.
The principle is competing against yourself. It's about self improvement, about being better than you were the day before.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.
The problem with most people today is, they simply don‘t think for themselves.
The process of scientific discovery is, in effect, a continual flight from wonder.
The public is the only critic whose opinion is worth anything at all.
The punishment which the wise suffer who refuse to take part in the government, is to live under the government of worse men.
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
The purpose of life is to delay, avoid and eventually reverse death.
The purpose of morality is to teach you, not to suffer and die, but to enjoy yourself and live.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.
The pursuit of truth does not permit violence on one's opponent.
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
The question isn't who is going to let me?; it's who is going to stop me?
The rarest quality in an epitaph is truth.
The rate at which a person can mature is directly proportional to the embarrassment he can tolerate.
The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory.
The real ornament of woman is her character, her purity.
The real price of everything, what everything really costs to the man who wants to acquire it, is the toil and trouble of acquiring it.
The real leader has no need to lead -- he is content to point the way.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
The real secret of success is enthusiasm.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
The reason a lot of people do not recognize opportunity is because it usually goes around wearing overalls looking like hard work.
The reason most people don‘t recognize an opportunity when they see one is, it usually arrives in your life dressed in a costume. It looks an awful lot like a problem.
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.
The reason that fiction is more interesting than any other form of literature, to those who really like to study people, is that in fiction the author can really tell the truth without humiliating himself.
The reputation of a thousand years be determined by the conduct of one hour.
The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more.
The right thing is usually not the easy thing to do. You may sacrifice popularity for rightness, but you'll lose self-esteem for wrongness.
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
The right to do something does not mean that doing it is right.
The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins.
The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause.
The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.
The road to perdition has ever been accompanied by lip service to an ideal.
The road to success is always under construction.
The rock that is an obstacle in the path of one person becomes a stepping stone in the path of another.
The role of a writer is not to say what we all can say, but what we are unable to say.
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.
The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most.
The rulers of the state are the only persons who ought to have the privilege of lying, either at home or abroad; they may be allowed to lie for the good of the state.
The savage in man is never quite eradicated.
The schools ain't what they used to be and never was.
The secret is to have eight great players and four others who will cheer like crazy.
The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values.
The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning and a good ending, then having the two as close together as possible.
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything.
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word -- excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
The secret of life is to have no fear; it's the only way to function.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.
The secret of success is making your vocation your vacation.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
The sense of independence and security is very sweet.
The shy man will not learn; the impatient man should not teach.
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the way.
The smallest deed is better than the grandest intention.
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities.
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.
The smarter the journalists are, the better off society is. For to a degree, people read the press to inform themselves-and the better the teacher, the better the student body.
The source of lasting happiness can never come from outside yourself through consuming values - but only from within yourself by creating values.
The speed of the boss is the speed of the team.
The spirit of democracy is not a mechanical thing to be adjusted by abolition of forms. It requires change of heart.
The spirit, the will to win and the will to excel-these are the things that endure and these are the qualities that are far more important than any of the events in life that require them.
The squirrel that you killed in jest, dies in earnest.
The starting point of all achievement is desire. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desires bring weak results, just as a small amount of fire makes a small amount of heat.
The strength of a man's virtue should not be measured by his special exertions, but by his habitual acts.
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home.
The strong man is the one who is able to intercept at will the communication between the senses and the mind.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
The successful person has the habit of doing the things failures don't like to do. They don't like doing them either necessarily. But their disliking is subordinated to the strength of their purpose.
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.
The sun too penetrates into privies, but is not polluted by them.
The sun, too, shines into cesspools and is not polluted.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
The superior man is distressed by the limitations of his ability; he is not distressed by the fact that men do not recognize the ability that he has.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest; success only comes later.
The superior man thinks always of virtue; the common man thinks of comfort.
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The surest way not to fail is to be determined to succeed.
The surest way to accomplish your business goals is making service to others your primary goal.
The task ahead of us is never as great as the power behind us.
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
The thing you fear most has no power. Your fear of it is what has the power. Facing the truth really will set you free.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are: Hard work, Stick-toitiveness, and Common sense.
The three keys to managing your attitude are: Reinforce; Reinforce; Reinforce.
The thrill, believe me, is as much in the battle as in the victory.
The time is always right to do what is right.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood.
The torment of precautions often exceeds the dangers to be avoided. It is sometimes better to abandon one's self to destiny.
The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
The true teacher defends his pupils against his own personal influence. He inspires selfdistrust. He guides their eyes from himself to the spirit that quickens him. He will have no disciple.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
The Truth is that running hurts. No one gets faster without meeting their personal pain barrier straight on. No amount of junk miles, fun runs or affirmations are going to get you over the hill at the five mile mark in a 10k. However, what will pull you through is solid prep with hard hill runs and interval work.
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.
The truth of the matter is, you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
The two largest mistakes anyone can possibly make in life are failure to go all-the-way (on your journey through life), and the other is, failure to even start the journey.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
The universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession.
The universe is wider than our views of it.
The universe seems bankrupt as soon as we begin to discuss the characters of individuals.
The ultimate authority must always rest with the individual's own reason and critical analysis.
The ultimate ignorance is the rejection of something you know nothing about and refuse to investigate.
The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes of thinking and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophe.
The US Constitution doesn't guarantee happiness, only the pursuit of it. You have to catch up with it yourself.
The use of money is all the advantage there is in having it.
The value of a man should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive.
The value of an idea lies in the using of it.
The value of any service you have to offer diminishes rapidly once it's provided. Protect your compensation before performing.
The very fact that you are a complainer, shows that you deserve your lot.
The very ink with which history is written is merely liquid prejudice.
The victory of success is half won when one gains the habit of setting goals and achieving them. Even the most tedious chore will become endurable as you parade through each day convinced that every task, no matter how menial or boring, brings you closer to fulfilling your dreams.
The vine bears three kinds of grapes: the first of pleasure, the second of intoxication, the third of disgust.
The virtues, like the Muses, are always seen in groups. A good principle was never found solitary in any breast.
The vision that you glorify in your mind, the ideal that you enthrone in your heart, This you will build your life by, and this you will become.
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the team won‘t be worth a dime.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
The way to develop decisiveness is to start right where you are, with the very next question you face.
The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear.
The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
The way you overcome shyness is to become so wrapped up in something that you forget to be afraid.
The way you see people is the way you treat them.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
The well bred contradict other people. The wise contradict themselves.
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking.
The whole point of being alive is to evolve into the complete person you were intended to be.
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.
The will is the mental faculty that gives you the ability to hold one idea under the screen of your mind to the exclusion of all outside distractions.
The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do.
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.
The will to take action on an idea springs from the comforting and confident knowledge that, we can do it.
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
The wise ones fashioned speech with their thought, sifting it as grain is sifted through a sieve. The wisest have the most authority.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
The wisest mind has something yet to learn.
The word impossible is not in my dictionary.
The words walked right out of my mouth.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.
The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of tiny pushes of each honest worker.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
The worst guilt is to accept an unearned guilt.
The worst tempered people I have ever met were those who knew that they were wrong.
The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering if something could have materialized – never knowing.
The worst thing that happens to you may be the best thing for you if you don't let it get the best of you.
The worst wheel of the cart makes the most noise.
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.
The young do not know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible – and achieve it – generation after generation.
The youth gets together his materials to build a bridge to the moon, or, perchance, a palace or temple on the earth, and, at length, the middle-aged man concludes to build a woodshed with them.
Then not only an old man, but also a drunkard, becomes a second time a child.
Then not only custom, but also nature affirms that to do is more disgraceful than to suffer injustice, and that justice is equality.
There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root.
There are admirable potentialities in every human being. Believe in your strength and your youth. Learn to repeat endlessly to yourself, 'It all depends on me.' There are always three speeches, for every one you actually gave. The one you practiced, the one you gave, and the one you wish you gave.
There are an infinite number of new opportunities. Actively seek them out, and position yourself to recognize and take advantage of them.
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
There are certain pursuits which, if not wholly poetic and true, do at least suggest a nobler and finer relation to nature than we know. The keeping of bees, for instance.
There are essentially two things that will make us wiser: the books we read and the people we spend time with. Choose your friends wisely.
There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it.
There are lies, damned lies and statistics.
There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do.
There are moments when all anxiety and stated toil are becalmed in the infinite leisure and repose of nature.
There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
There are no big problems, there are just a lot of little problems.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
There are no mistakes. The events we bring upon ourselves, no matter how unpleasant, are necessary in order to learn what we need to learn; whatever steps we take, they're necessary to reach the places we've chosen to go.
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.
There are no uninteresting things, only uninterested people.
There are old heads in the world who cannot help me by their example or advice to live worthily and satisfactorily to myself; but I believe that it is in my power to elevate myself this very hour above the common level of my life.
There are only sixteen basic needs (beyond the four basic instincts) people are attempting to satisfy that motivates each of us to do everything we do.
There are only three colors, seven notes, ten digits, and twenty-six letters; it‘s what we do with them that's important.
There are only three sins - causing pain, causing fear, and causing anguish.
The rest is window dressing.
There are only two forces in the world, the sword and the spirit. In the long run the sword will always be conquered by the spirit.
There are only two forces that unite men - fear and interest.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
There are people who can do all fine and heroic things but one - keep from telling their happiness to the unhappy.
There are people who strictly deprive themselves of each and every eatable, drinkable, and smokable which has in any way acquired a shady reputation. They pay this price for health. And health is all they get for it. How strange it is. It is like paying out your whole fortune for a cow that has gone dry.
There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book.
There are powers inside of you, which, if you could discover and use, would make of you everything you ever dreamed or imagined you could become.
There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice.
There are some things you don‘t have to know how it works—only that it works. While some people are studying the roots, others are picking the fruit. It just depends on which end of this you want to get in on.
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.
There are those who only advocate the unobtainable, because the immediately possible is beyond their courage, ability, and their patience.
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
There are three kinds of men. The one that learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest.
The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
There are three roles in life for you to choose from. (1) You can have a playerperpetrator-mentality and cause good things to happen. (2) You can have a spectator-witness-mentality where you don‘t get actively involved in what is happening. You just watch things happen. (3) You can have a victim-mentality where the things that happen in your life are shaped by other people. The neat part about this is, you‘re the only one who gets to choose which life-role you‘re going to accept.
There are three things extremely hard: steel, a diamond, and to know yourself.
There are three things you cannot do: kiss a girl leaning away from you; climb a fence leaning toward you; and help someone who doesn‘t want to be helped.
There are times when one would like to hang the whole human race, and finish the farce.
There are two cardinal sins from which all others spring: Impatience and Laziness.
There are two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live.
There are two kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit.
Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there.
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.
There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth... not going all the way, and not starting.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
There are two sides to every issue: one side is right and the other is wrong, but the middle is always evil.
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
There are two ways of being happy: We must either diminish our wants or augment our means - either may do - the result is the same and it is for each man to decide for himself and to do that which happens to be easier.
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.
There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
There are two ways to spread light. You can either be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
There are two worlds for you to master: The inner world, the mental world (the quantity and quality of the thinking going on in your own mind). And, the outer world, the physical-external world (the health of your body; controlling your time; building better relationships in all areas of your life; and how you go about earning money, saving money and wisely using money to grow your money.
There are very few human beings who receive the truth, complete and staggering, by instant illumination. Most of them acquire it fragment by fragment, on a small scale, by successive developments, cellularly, like a laborious mosaic.
There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.
There can be no such thing, in law or in morality, as actions to an individual, but permitted to a mob.
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there.
There comes that mysterious meeting in life when someone acknowledges who we are and what we can be, igniting the circuits of our highest potential.
There could be no fairer destiny for any physical theory than that it should point the way to a more comprehensive theory in which it lives on as a limiting case.
There exist limitless opportunities in every industry. Where there is an open mind, there will always be a frontier.
There has never been a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.
There has never yet been a man in our history who led a life of ease whose name is worth remembering.
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it.
There is a charm about the forbidden that makes it unspeakably desirable.
There is a great deal of self-will in the world, but very little genuine independence of character.
There is a great difference between knowing and understanding: you can know a lot about something and not really understand it.
There is a Hell, and it starts early.
There is a higher court than courts of justice and that is the court of conscience. It supersedes all other courts.
There is a higher law than the law of government. That's the law of conscience.
There is a level of cowardice lower than that of the conformist: the fashionable nonconformist.
There is a real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect.
There is a science to getting rich. Universal SCIENTIFIC LAWS that govern whether you are wealthy or poor and they are just as exact as those that govern the Universe. Learn and use them and you will attract money in abundance just as certainly as the force of gravity holds you to the earth.
There is a sufficiency in the world for man's need but not for man's greed.
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
There is always a present and extant life, be it better or worse, which all combine to uphold.
There is always a way - if your level-of-committed is high enough.
There is always a way to do it better - find it.
There is an immeasurable distance between late and too late.
There is an ongoing battle between conscience and self-interest in which, at some point, we have to take sides.
There is an orderliness in the universe, there is an unalterable law governing everything and every being that exists or lives. It is no blind law; for no blind law can govern the conduct of living beings.
There is but one stage for the peasant and the actor.
There is danger that we lose sight of what our friend is absolutely, while considering what she is to us alone.
There is far more opportunity than there is ability.
There is great treasure there behind our skull and this is true about all of us. This little treasure has great, great powers, and I would say we only have learned a very, very small part of what it can do.
There is in every true woman‘s heart a spark of heavenly fire, which lies dormant in the broad daylight of prosperity, but which kindles up, and beams and blazes in the dark.
There is joy in work. There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something worthwhile.
There is just so much stuff in the world that, to me, is devoid of any real substance, value, and content that I just try to make sure that I am working on things that matter.
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude.
There is little success where there is little laughter.
There is more of good nature than of good sense at the bottom of most marriages.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
There is more treasure in books than in all the pirate's loot on Treasure Island.
There is no access to any form of success without commitment.
There is no better teacher than adversity.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else.
There is no comparison between that which is lost by not succeeding and that which is lost by not trying.
There is no end to the amount of things you can accomplish.
There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
There is no ―Happily Ever After‖ in the real world.
There is no harm in repeating a good thing.
There is no ‗I‘ in ‗teamwork‘.
There is no just and serene criticism as yet.
There is no king who has not had a slave among his ancestors, and no slave who has not had a king among his.
There is no logical way to the discovery of these elemental laws. There is only the way of intuition, which is helped by a feeling for the order lying behind the appearance.
There is no man living that cannot do more than he thinks he can.
There is no man so good that if he placed all his actions and thought under the scrutiny of the laws, he would not deserve hanging ten times in his life.
There is no measurable distance between being late and being too late.
There is no more fatal blunderer than he who consumes the greater part of his life getting his living.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
There is no odor so bad as that which arises from goodness tainted.
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience.
There is no principle worth the name if it is not wholly good.
There is no private domain of a person's life that is not political, and there is no political issue that is not ultimately personal.
There is no reality, only perception.
There is no remedy for love but to love more.
There is no rule more invariable than that we are paid for our suspicions by finding what we suspect.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
There is no substitute for hard work, 23 or 24 hours a day. And there is no substitute for patience and acceptance.
There is no such thing as ―a good idea‖ unless it is developed and utilized.
There is no such thing as ―a good prospect‖ unless it is developed and utilized.
There is no such thing as a lovers' oath.
There is no such thing as failure. There are only results.
There is no such thing as "just a little theft" or "just a little dishonesty".
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day.
There is no value in life except what you choose to place upon it and no happiness in any place except what you bring to it yourself.
There is no victory at bargain basement prices.
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life, an individual meaning, an individual plot, like an individual novel, a book for each person.
There is nothing about a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
There's nothing funnier than the human animal.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills.
There is nothing so stupid as the educated man if you get him off the thing he was educated in.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
There is nothing that wastes the body like worry, and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever.
There is nothing wrong with change, if it is in the right direction.
There is one consolation in being sick; and that is the possibility that you may recover to a better state than you were ever in before.
There is one kind of robber whom the law does not strike at, and who steals what is most precious to men: time.
There is one quality which one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
There is one rule for the industrialist and that is: Make the best quality of goods possible at the lowest cost possible, paying the highest wages possible.
There is only one small letter between the words CAN and CAN'T...and that one letter will TOTALLY change your destiny.
There is only one success - to spend your life in your own way.
There is only one true success--to be able to enjoy life on your own terms.
There is only one way to achieve happiness on this terrestrial ball, and that is to have either a clear conscience or none at all.
There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it.
There is only one way to succeed at anything. Give it everything you‘ve got until you get what you want.
There is power in forgiveness.
There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
There must always remain something that is antagonistic to good.
There must be more to life than having everything.
There must be truth and goodness in your purpose and will power in your character.
There never was a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.
There never was and is not likely soon to be a nation of philosophers, nor am I certain it is desirable that there should be.
There ought to be one day - just one - when there is open season on politicans.
There seems to be some perverse human characteristic that likes to make easy things difficult.
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.
There will always be a frontier where there is an open mind and a willing hand.
There will one day spring from the brain of science a machine or force so fearful in its potentialities, so absolutely terrifying, that even man, the fighter, who will dare torture and death in order to inflict torture and death, will be appalled, and so abandon war forever.
There will be no end to the troubles of states, or of humanity itself, till philosophers become kings in this world, or till those we now call kings and rulers really and truly become philosophers, and political power and philosophy thus come into the same hands.
There will be time for sleep when you‘re in the grave.
There's a victory, and defeat; the first and best of victories, the lowest and worst of defeats which each man gains or sustains at the hands not of another, but of himself.
Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.
Therefore the character needs to be tested, it is in hardships that we see who we really are. We don‘t even know ourselves before we realize we‘ve achieved what we didn‘t think we could. That‘s why we need to know where we stand, we need to realize how dependent we actually are on God, and we need to know that we can‘t even move without Him. We have a loving Creator "God is love", and just as a parent will not let his child tough the hot stove, because of love, the same way, God in His wisdom cannot fulfill all our requests all the time. He is working in our interest anyway!
These airplanes we have today are no more than a perfection of a child's toy made of paper.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
They can because they think they can.
They can do without architecture who have no olives nor wines in the cellar.
They certainly give very strange names to diseases.
They do certainly give very strange, and newfangled, names to diseases.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
They say President Wilson has blundered. Perhaps he has, but I notice he usually blunders forward.
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure.
Things ain't what they used to be and never were.
Things are seldom as bleak as they seem when they are going wrong - or as good as they seem when they are going well.
Things come to those who wait but only the things left by those who hustle.
Things do not change; we change.
Things don't go wrong and break your heart so you can become bitter and give up. They happen to break you down and build you up so you can be all that you were intended to be.
Things don't turn up in this world until somebody turns them up.
Things should be made as simple as possible, but not any simpler.
Things that I felt absolutely sure of but a few years ago, I do not believe now. This thought makes me see more clearly how foolish it would be to expect all men to agree with me.
Things that work persist.
Things will happen in your life that you can‘t stop, but that‘s no reason to shut out the world. There‘s a purpose for the good and for the bad.
Think and grow rich.
Think carefully before making any offers, commitments or promises, no matter how seemingly trivial. These are all contracts and must be honored. These are also include self-resolutions.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is simply another steppingstone to the greatness you deserve.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
Think win-win in every relationship. Make sure the other party‘s needs are being met as well as your own. Balancing benefits is what adds longevity to any relationship. The beginning of the end of any relationship is when one of the parties desires, expects, demands more than their fair share.
Thinking is one thing no one has ever been able to tax.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
Thinking is the very essence of, and the most difficult thing to do in business and in life.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Thirty minutes of study per day eventually makes you an expert in any subject - but only if you apply that knowledge.
This and no other is the root from which a tyrant springs; when he first appears he is a protector.
This city is what it is because our citizens are what they are.
This country has come to feel the same way when Congress is in session as when the baby gets hold of a hammer.
This is a fantastic time to be entering the business world, because business is going to change more in the next 10 years than it has in the last 50.
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
This is the sixth book I've written, which isn't bad for a guy who's only read two.
This life is worth living, we can say, since it is what we make it.
This too shall pass.
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
Thomas Edison‘s Success Formula: Inspiration one percent; perspiration ninety-nine percent.
Those convinced against their will are of the same opinion still.
Those individuals disputing, contradicting, and confuting people are generally unfortunate in their affairs. They get victory, sometimes, but they never get good will, which would be of more use to them.
Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.
Those that won't be counseled can't be helped.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves.
Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves.
Those who have virtue always in their mouths, and neglect it in practice, are like a harp, which emits a sound pleasing to others, while itself is insensible of the music.
Those who intend on becoming great should love neither themselves nor their own things, but only what is just, whether it happens to be done by themselves or others.
Those who know how to think need no teachers.
Those who say religion has nothing to do with politics do not know what religion is.
Those whom we can love, we can hate; to others we are indifferent.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending." Though of all poses a moral pose is the most offensive, still to have a pose at all is something.
Though we may know Him by a thousand names, He is one and the same to us all.
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.
Thoughtfulness for others, generosity, modesty and self-respect are the qualities which make a real gentleman or lady.
Thoughts are things. The power of an idea.
Thoughts become things. If you can see it in your mind, you will soon hold it in your hand.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Thousands of geniuses live and die undiscovered - either by themselves or by others.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Through our own recovered innocence we discern the innocence of our neighbors.
Throughout the centuries there have been so many men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision.
Throw off your worries when you throw off your clothes at night.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Thunder is good, thunder is impressive; but it is lightning that does the work.
Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.
Time and tides wait for no man. Use both to your advantage.
Time flies! It‘s up to you to be the navigator.
Time has no meaning in itself unless we choose to give it significance.
Time heals almost everything, Give time… time.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
Time is money.
Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre.
Time is the most important value for any productive happy individual and is the only limitation to all accomplishment.
Time is the wisest counselor.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
'Tis better to suffer wrong than do it.
Tis healthy to be sick sometimes.
To a philosopher all news, as it is called, is gossip, and they who edit and read it are old women over their tea.
To achieve success, whatever the job we have, we must pay a price.
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power.
To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.
To be admitted to Nature's hearth costs nothing. None is excluded, but excludes himself. You have only to push aside the curtain.
To be always intending to make a new and better life but never to find time to set about it is as to put off eating and drinking and sleeping from one day to the next until you're dead.
To be capable of steady friendship or lasting love, are the two greatest proofs, not only of goodness of heart, but of strength of mind.
To be good is noble; but to show others how to be good is nobler.
To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent.
To be self-employed you have to sell something, either a product or a service.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment.
To believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest.
To believe in the things you can see and touch is no belief at all. But to believe in the unseen is both a triumph and a blessing.
To climb steep hills requires slow pace at first.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
To deprive a man of his natural liberty and to deny to him the ordinary amenities of life is worse then starving the body; it is starvation of the soul, the dweller in the body.
To desire is to obtain; to aspire is to achieve.
To do a better job of managing your time, get organized: a place for everything and everything in its place.
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
To do anything truly worth doing, I must not stand back shivering and thinking of the cold and danger, but jump in with gusto and scramble through as well as I can.
To earn more, you must learn more.
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.
To err is human; to forgive, infrequent.
To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness.
To get what you want, you have to feel that you already have it.
To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.
To go beyond is as wrong as to fall short.
To go to the world below, having a soul which is like a vessel full of injustice, is the last and worst of all the evils.
To have done anything just for money is to have been truly idle.
To have more of what you want, you have to become more than you are.
To have respect for ourselves guides our morals; and to have a deference for others governs our manners.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
To know how to suggest is the great art of teaching.
To know, is to know that you know nothing. That is the meaning of true knowledge.
To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice.
To know what people really think, pay regard to what they do, rather than what they say.
To learn to read is to light a fire; every syllable that is spelled out is a spark.
To lengthen life, eat fewer meals.
To listen closely and reply well is the highest level perfection we are able to attain in the art of conversation.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
To live in the presence of great truths and eternal laws, to be led by permanent ideals – that is what keeps a man patient when the world ignores him, and calm and unspoiled when the world praises him.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
To love rightly is to love what is orderly and beautiful in an educated and disciplined way.
To maximize opportunities, seek and master the complicated. The major solutions you find will be surprisingly simple, and the competition is minimal.
To maximize profits, replicate yourself. Earning potentials become geometric rather than linear.
To me a lush carpet of pine needles or spongy grass is more welcome than the most luxurious Persian rug.
To me every hour of the day and night is an unspeakably perfect miracle.
To me innovations are the wheel, fire, language, movable type. There are not 3 million innovations; there are 3 million inventions.
To my mind the old masters are not art; their value is in their scarcity.
To practice five things under all circumstances constitutes perfect virtue; these five are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness, and kindness.
To prefer evil to good is not in human nature; and when a man is compelled to choose one of two evils, no one will choose the greater when he might have the less.
To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.
To refuse awards is another way of accepting them with more noise than is normal.
To say "I love you" one must first be able to say the "I." To see and listen to the wicked is already the beginning of wickedness.
To see the right and not to do it is cowardice.
To solve any problem, here are three questions to ask yourself: First, what could I do?
To some degree it matters who's in office, but it matters more how much pressure they're under from the public.
To speak ill of others is a dishonest way of praising ourselves.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.
To succeed you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you.
To suffer the penalty of too much haste, which is too little speed.
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.
To the Master's honor all must turn, each in its track, without a sound, forever tracing Newton's ground.
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou cannot then be false to any man.
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to.
To waste time is to waste your life.
Today is all there is.
Today is life-the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something. Shake yourself awake. Develop a hobby. Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto.
Today is the only day of your life that you actually have control over.
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement.
Today more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life.
Today, the sports industry is worth multi million dollars. Sports men and women have to perform under tremendous pressure, sacrifice the other important areas of their lives, and even play with injuries. In such circumstances, it can be very comforting to read the sports motivational quotes from some of the greatest sportspeople, who have experienced it all – the sweat, the toil, the despair, the triumph, the joy!
Today will never happen again. Don't waste it with a false start or no start at all.
Today, you have 100% of your life left.
Today's accomplishments were yesterday's impossibilities.
Toleration is the greatest gift of the mind; it requires the same effort of the brain that it takes to balance oneself on a bicycle.
Tomorrow, every Fault is to be amended; but that particular Tomorrow never comes.
Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the week.
Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools.
Too bad that all the people who really know how to run the country are busy driving taxi cabs and cutting hair.
Too many of us look upon Americans as dollar chasers. This is a cruel libel, even if it is reiterated thoughtlessly by the Americans themselves.
Too much agreement kills a chat.
Too much of a good thing is just right.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Trade excuses and "trying" for results.
Train your brain.
Transcend political correctness and strive for human righteousness.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
Treat employees like partners, and they act like partners.
Treat everyone you meet like you want to be treated.
Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.
Trouble springs from being idle, and grievous toil from needless ease.
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist.
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are ever united.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
True friendship continues to grow, even over the longest distance. Same goes for true love.
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new.
True happiness... is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
True luck consists not in holding the best of the cards at the table; luckiest is he who knows just when to rise and go home. - John Hay, 1838-1905 True religion is real living; living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness and righteousness.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
Trust the instinct to the end, though you can render no reason.
Truth is always exciting. Speak it, then; life is dull without it.
Truth is always in harmony with herself, and is not concerned chiefly to reveal the justice that may consist with wrong-doing.
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear.
Truth is mighty and will prevail. There is nothing wrong with this, except that it ain't so.
Truth is something which can't be told in a few words. Those who simplify the universe only reduce the expansion of its meaning.
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.
Truth is the beginning of every good to the gods, and of every good to man.
Truth never damages a cause that is just.
Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders, than from the arguments of its opposers.
Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.
Truths and roses have thorns about them.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Try to make at least three people smile each day.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Twice and thrice over, as they say, good is it to repeat and review what is good.
Two men looked from prison bars. One saw mud...the other, stars.
Two questions most people never figure out: (1) How good does it get? (2) How much is enough? Apply these two questions to every aspect of your life.
Two things are bad for the heart -- running up stairs and running down people.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Tyranny naturally arises out of democracy.
Unacceptable is children going to school for 12 years and receiving 6 years' worth of education.
Unattended problems will not go away, but will usually get worse. Anticipate and avoid problems - or meet them head on at the outset.
Understand that happiness is not based on possessions, power or prestige, but on relationships with people you love and respect.
Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege. Use it. Dwell in possibility.
Understand this law and you will then know, beyond room for the slightest doubt, that you are constantly punishing yourself for every wrong you commit and rewarding yourself for every act of constructive conduct in which you indulge.
Understanding can overcome any situation, however mysterious or insurmountable it may appear to be.
Unfortunately, I was seldom able to see an opportunity until it had ceased to be one.
Unity can only be manifested by the Binary. Unity itself and the idea of Unity are already two.
Universal Mind a/k/a the Subconscious Mind Unless a man believes in himself and makes a total commitment to his career and puts everything he has into his mind, his body and his heart… what is life worth to him?
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes...but no plans.
Unless man is committed to the belief that all mankind are his brothers, then he labors in vain and hypocritically in the vineyards of equality.
Unless we form the habit of going to the Bible in bright moments as well as in trouble, we cannot fully respond to its consolations because we lack equilibrium between light and darkness.
Unless you choose to do great things with it, it makes no difference how much you are rewarded, or how much power you have.
Until the great mass of the people shall be filled with the sense of responsibility for each other's welfare, social justice can never be attained.
Until we're educating every kid in a fantastic way, until every inner city is cleaned up, there is no shortage of things to do.
Unwearied ceaseless effort is the price that must be paid for turning faith into a rich infallible experience.
Upper classes are a nation's past; the middle class is its future.
Urgency – Factor urgency into everything you do. Time is shorter than you think.
Use leverage with ideas (the ability to generalize is the key to intellectual leverage), work, money, time and people.
Use soft words and hard arguments.
Use what talent you possess: The woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.
Use wisely your power of choice.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
Usually, terrible things that are done with the excuse that progress requires them are not really progress at all, but just terrible things.
Verbal promises to others are contracts and must be honored. These also include selfresolutions Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
Violent means will give violent freedom. That would be a menace to the world.
Violent men have not been known in history to die to a man. They die up to a point.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good.
Virtue is relative to the actions and ages of each of us in all that we do.
Vision - is a clearly articulated, results oriented, picture of the future-you that you are creating. A VISION without a TASK is but a dream. A TASK without a vision is drudgery. A VISION and a TASK are the hope of the world.
Vision is the art of seeing the invisible.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
Visualization: If you ―send the mind ahead of where you are now‖, the body will follow.
Virtuous people often revenge themselves for the constraints to which they submit by the boredom which they inspire.
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Wall Street is the only place that people ride to in a Rolls Royce to get advice from those who take the subway.
Want to learn to eat a lot? Here it is: Eat a little. That way, you will be around long enough to eat a lot.
Washington has the best politicians that money can buy.
Waste is worse than loss. The time is coming when every person who lays claim to ability will keep the question of waste before him constantly. The scope of thrift is limitless.
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
Watch your manner of speech if you wish to develop a peaceful state of mind. Start each day by affirming peaceful, contented and happy attitudes and your days will tend to be pleasant and successful.
Water, air, and cleanness are the chief articles in my pharmacy.
Water seeks its own level. So do people. You are just like the people you spend time with. Want more than your current friends are likely to ever want for themselves? Find new friends who are already living their lives more like you see your future-self. The more time you spend with your new friends the more you will learn how to live up to the expectations of people who live lives at that level and you have for yourself.
Water taken in moderation, cannot hurt anybody.
We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when all that we need to make us really happy is something to be enthusiastic about.
We all have a certain measure of responsibility to those who have made it possible for us to take advantage of the opportunities.
We all have ability. The difference is how we use it.
We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance.
We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do.
We all need each other.
We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light.
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten. Don't let yourself be lulled into inaction.
We Americans... carry the spark of liberty to benefit the world.
We are all alike, on the inside.
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities.
We are always paid for our suspicion by finding what we suspect.
We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.
We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims.
We are fast approaching the stage of the ultimate inversion: the stage where the government is free to do anything it pleases, while the citizens may act only by permission; which is the stage of the darkest periods of human history, the stage of rule by brute force.
We are formed and molded by our thoughts. Those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act. Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
We are not born all at once, but by bits. The body first, and the spirit later; and The birth and growth of the spirit, in those who are attentive to their own inner life, are slow and exceedingly painful.
We are not even close to finishing the basic dream of what the PC can be.
We are not going to be able to operate our Spaceship Earth successfully nor for much longer unless we see it as a whole spaceship and our fate as common. It has to be everybody or nobody.
We are not trying to entertain the critics. I'll take my chances with the public.
We are not what we are, nor do we treat or esteem each other for such, but for what we are capable of being.
We are obviously going to spend a lot in marketing because we think the product sells itself.
We are only here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can.
We are responsible for what we do, no matter how we feel.
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
We are the only beings on the planet who lead such rich internal lives that it's not the events that matter most to us, but rather, it's how we interpret those events that will determine how we think about ourselves and how we will act in the future.
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
We are what we think we are. We do based on what we think we are.
We aren't in an information age, we‘re in an entertainment age.
We become just by performing just actions, temperate by performing temperate actions, brave by performing brave actions.
We begin to see, therefore, the importance of selecting our environment with the greatest of care, because environment is the mental feeding ground out of which the food that goes into our minds is extracted.
We believe that according the name 'investors' to institutions that trade actively is like calling someone who repeatedly engages in one-night stands a 'romantic.' We believed in our idea - a family park where parents and children could have funtogether.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
We can chart our future clearly and wisely only when we know the path which has led to the present.
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within.
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.
We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves.
We can't all be heroes, because somebody has to sit on the curb and applaud when they go by.
We can't live any more in a world which is based on stuff and not ideas. If you want to live with the world of stuff, we're all doomed.
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.
We cannot banish dangers, but we can banish fears. We must not demean life by standing in awe of death.
We cannot despair of humanity, since we ourselves are human beings.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
We come this way but once. We can either tiptoe through life and hope we get to death without being badly bruised or we can live a full, complete life achieving our goals and realizing our wildest dreams.
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world.
We didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time.
We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us is valuable, worth listening to, worthy of our trust, sacred to our touch. Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, spontaneous delight or and wonderment.
We do not have a money problem in America. We have a values and priorities problem.
We do not learn; and what we call learning is only a process of recollection.
We do not need to proselytize either by our speech or by our writing. We can only do so really with our lives. Let our lives be open books for all to study.
We don‘t die. We kill ourselves.
We don't have to change friends if we understand that friends change.
We don't know one millionth of one percent about anything.
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
We don't seem to be able to check crime, so why not legalize it and then tax it out of business?
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
We don't want tradition. We want to live in the present and the only history that is worth a tinker's dam is the history we make today.
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.
We enjoy the process far more than the proceeds.
We get paid for bringing value to the market place.
We go to school to learn to work hard for money. I write books and create products that teach people how to have money work hard for them.
We grow with years more fragile in body, but morally stouter, and can throw off the chill of a bad conscience almost at once.
We hate those who will not take our advice, and despise them who do.
We have a criminal jury system which is superior to any in the world; and its efficiency is only marred by the difficulty of finding twelve men every day who don't know anything and can't read.
We have all heard that we have to learn from our mistakes, but I think it's more important to learn from successes. If you learn only from your mistakes, you are inclined to learn only errors.
We have two ears and one tongue so that we would listen more and talk less.
We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
We know but a few men, a great many coats and breeches.
We learn the inner secret of happiness when we learn to direct our inner drives, our interest and our attention to something besides ourselves.
We lie the loudest when we lie to ourselves.
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
We may have found a cure for most evils; but we have found no remedy for the worst of them all, the apathy of human beings.
We may have our private opinions but why should they be a bar to the meeting of hearts?
We may never be strong enough to be entirely nonviolent in thought, word and deed. But we must keep nonviolence as our goal and make strong progress towards it.
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.
We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
We must become the change we want to see in the world.
We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we don't like?
We must indeed all hang together, or most assuredly we shall all hang separately.
We must learn to apply all that we know so that we can attract all that we want.
We must learn to reawaken and keep ourselves awake, not by mechanical aid, but by an infinite expectation of the dawn.
We must learn to view change as a natural phenomenon - to anticipate it and to plan for it. The future is ours to channel in the direction we want to go... we must continually ask ourselves, "What will happen if...?" or better still, "How can we make it happen?
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
We must not allow the clock and the calendar to blind us to the fact that each moment of life is a miracle and mystery.
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular . . . It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch.
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success.
We need to make a game out of earning money. There is so much good we can do with money. Without it, we are bound and shackled and our choices become limited.
We need to teach the highly educated man that it is not a disgrace to fail and that he must analyze every failure to find its cause. He must learn how to fail intelligently, for failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
We never repent of having eaten too little.
We often say that the biggest job we have is to teach a newly hired employee to fail intelligently... to experiment over and over again and to keep on trying and failing until he learns what will work.
We ought to esteem it of the greatest importance that the fictions which children first hear should be adapted in the most perfect manner to the promotion of virtue.
We ought to fly away from earth to heaven as quickly as we can; and to fly away is to become like God, as far as this is possible; and to become like him is to become holy, just, and wise.
We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking if mankind is to survive.
We shall see but a little way if we require to understand what we see.
We should all be concerned about the future because we will have to spend the rest of our lives there.
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it -- and stop there; lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove lid. She will never sit on a hot stove lid again -- and that is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one We should be too big to take offense and too noble to give it.
We should distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes.
We should feel sorrow, but not sink under its oppression.
We should meet abuse by forbearance. Human nature is so constituted that if we take absolutely no notice of anger or abuse, the person indulging in it will soon weary of it and stop.
We should not have to push you to work hard, you should work hard because you want to be a great player.
We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality.
We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful.
We still do not know one thousandth of one percent of what nature has revealed to us.
We struggle with the complexities and avoid the simplicities.
We teach people how to treat us.
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have.
We tend to get what we expect.
We tend to live up to our own expectations.
We, the unwilling, led by the unknowing, are doing the impossible for the ungrateful. We have done so much, for so long, with so little, we are now qualified to do anything with nothing.
We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.
We turn not older with years, but newer every day.
We went ahead and built Disneyland, with the knowledge that most of the people I talked to thought it would be a financial disaster - closed and forgotten within the first year.
We were all born for a certain assignment. A 'position' in life that best matches our unique talents and skills so we can serve the greatest number of people and, at the same time, reap the life we deserve. Turn your passion into profits. The closer we are to this ‗position‘, the place where success is practically guaranteed, the greater our likelihood of massive success.
We will always tend to fulfill our own expectation of ourselves.
We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the vitriolic words and actions of the bad people, but for the appalling silence of the good people.
We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others.
We will receive not what we idly wish for but what we justly earn. Our rewards will always be in exact proportion to our service to others.
We win justice quickest by rendering justice to the other party.
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
We‘re all ignorant. Each of us is ignorant about different things.
We're so engaged in doing things to achieve purposes of outer value that we forget the inner value, the rapture that is associated with being alive, is what it is all about.
We've all heard that we have to learn from our mistakes, but I think it's more important to learn from successes. If you learn only from your mistakes, you are inclined to learn only errors.
We've got to put a lot of money into changing behavior.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
Wealth is a by-product of man's capacity to think and serve others.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
Wealth is the product of man's capacity to think.
Wealth is well known to be a great comforter.
Wealth, like happiness, is never attained when sought after directly. It comes as a byproduct of providing a useful service.
Wealthy is not the one who has it, but the one who enjoys it.
Wear your learning like your watch, in a private pocket; and do not pull it out, and strike it, merely to show that you have one.
Welcome every morning with a smile.
Well arranged time is the surest mark of a well-arranged mind.
Well done is better than well said.
Well, real estate is always good, as far as I'm concerned.
Well, yes, I've fired a lot of people. Generally I like other people to fire, because it's always a lousy task. But I have fired many people.
What a blind person needs is not a teacher but another self.
What a grand thing, to be loved! What a grander thing still, to love!
What a man's mind can create, man's character can control.
What a wee little part of a person's life are his acts and his words! His real life is led in his head, and is known to none but himself.
What appears to be the end of the road may simply be a bend in the road.
What are you entitled to? Whatever you earn and that‘s all you‘re entitled to.
What are you going to do about it? ―It‖ being ‗whatever stands between where you are, at this moment in your life, and where you know you want to go.‘) What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight-it's the size of the fight in the dog.
What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans, and the homeless, whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty or democracy?
What do I think of Western civilization? I think it would be a very good idea.
What do people fear most about death? Being forgotten.
What each must seek in his life never was on land or sea. It is something out of his own unique potentiality for experience, something that never has been and never could have been experienced by anyone else.
What excites me the most is when a coach calls a timeout and chews out his forward because I just dunked on his head.
What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew it was impossible for you to fail?
What I am looking for is not out there, it is in me.
What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?
What I know is, is that if you do work that you love, and the work fulfills you, the rest will come.
What I like to drink most is wine that belongs to others.
What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
What is defeat? Nothing but education; nothing but the first step to something better.
What is once well done is done forever.
What is right is often forgotten by what is convenient.
What is the appropriate behavior for a man or a woman in the midst of this world, where each person is clinging to his piece of debris? What's the proper salutation between people as they pass each other in this flood?
What is the difference between a taxidermist and a tax collector? The taxidermist takes only your skin.
What is the first business of one who practices philosophy? To get rid of self-conceit. For it is impossible for anyone to begin to learn that which he thinks he already knows.
What is the use of a fine house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?
What is told in the ear of a man is often heard 100 miles away.
What is true of the individual will be to-morrow true of the whole nation if individuals will but refuse to lose heart and hope.
What kills a skunk is the publicity it gives itself.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
What love we've given, we'll have forever. What love we fail to give, will be lost for all eternity.
What luck for rulers it is that men do not think. (Adolf Hitler) What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.
What matters most in life is what you choose to be.
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things, instead of using people and loving things.
What nobler employment, or more valuable to the state, than that of the man who instructs the rising generation.
What old people say you cannot do, you try and find that you can. Old deeds for old people, and new deeds for new.
What others think of you is none of your business.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds.
What this country needs is more unemployed politicians.
What the human mind can conceive and believe it can accomplish.
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
What this power is I cannot say; all I know is that it exists and it becomes available only when a man is in that state of mind in which he knows exactly what he wants and is fully determined not to quit until he finds it.
What usually happens in the educational process is that the faculties are dulled, overloaded, stuffed and paralyzed so that by the time most people are mature they have lost their innate capabilities.
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life.
What we can or cannot do, what we consider possible or impossible, is rarely a function of our true capability. It is more likely a function of our beliefs about who we are.
What we do during our working hours determines what we have; what we do in our leisure hours determines what we are.
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us.
What we hope ever to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
What we think about, we become.
What we think, we become.
What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also.
What would men be without women? Scarce, sir, mighty scarce.
What you are will show in what you do.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
What you fail to focus your thoughts on, diminishes in your life.
What you focus your thoughts on grows in your life.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
What you think about most is what you get.
What's going on in the inside shows on the outside.
What's going on in your innermost thoughts shows on the outside.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
What's right about America is that although we have a mess of problems, we have great capacity – intellect and resources - to do something about them.
Whatever course you have chosen for yourself, it will not be a chore but an adventure if you bring to it a sense of the glory of striving.
Whatever deceives men seems to produce a magical enchantment.
Whatever doesn't kill you really does make you stronger.
Whatever good things we build end up building us.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
Whatever I engage in, I must push inordinately.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Whatever the difference between brilliant and average brains, we are all creative. And through practice and study we can enhance our skills and talents.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe it can achieve.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will become a reality in our lives.
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
Whatever you are by nature, keep to it; never desert your line of talent. Be what nature intended you for and you will succeed.
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, Begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it, Begin it now.
Whatever you choose to do today, make sure it‘s small enough you can actually do it but, large enough to make a difference in your life.
Whatever you do, do with all your might.
Whatever you do may seem insignificant to you, but it is most important that you do it.
Whatever you do, you need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right.
Whatever you dwell on in the conscious grows in your experience.
Whatever you expect is exactly what you‘ll get. Nothing more. Nothing less.
Whatever you have, you must either use or lose.
Whatever you reinforce or reward, you get more of.
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!
When a benefit is wrongly conferred, the author of the benefit may often be said to injure.
When a friend does something nice for you, remember it; when you do something nice for a friend, forget about it When a management with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for bad economics, it is the reputation of the business that remains intact.
When a person cannot deceive himself the chances are slim he‘ll be able to deceive other people.
When all else is lost, the future still remains.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
When angry, count ten, before you speak; if very angry, a hundred.
When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion.
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.
When every physical and mental resource is focused, one's power to solve a problem multiplies tremendously.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
When fate hands you a lemon, make lemonade.
When humor goes, there goes civilization.
When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator.
When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.
When I examine myself and my methods of thought, I come to the conclusion that the gift of fantasy has meant more to me than any talent for abstract, positive thinking.
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
When I go out on the ice, I just think about my skating. I forget it is a competition.
When I have fully decided that a result is worth getting I go ahead of it and make trial after trial until it comes.
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
When I look back in my life, the worst discouragement valleys have been because of a lack of knowledge. I simply did not know what certain things meant until I met them "face to face".
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes.
When I look upon seamen, men of science and philosophers, man is the wisest of all beings; when I look upon priests and prophets nothing is as contemptible as man.
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.
When I work fourteen hours a day, seven days a week, I get lucky.
When ideas fail, words come in very handy.
When ignorance gets started it knows no bounds.
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
When in doubt, make a fool of yourself. There is a microscopically thin line between being brilliantly creative and acting like the most gigantic idiot on earth. So, what the hell, leap.
When it comes to chocolate, resistance is futile.
When it comes to going after what you love in life, don't take no for an answer.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
When it's a matter of producing or starving, people don't starve.
When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade. I have several stands around here.
When mankind first saw the necessity of government, it is probable that many had conceived the desire of ruling.
When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a lamp in a windless place.
When men speak ill of thee, live so as nobody may believe them.
When mental energy is allowed to follow the line of least resistance and to fall into easy channels, it is called weakness.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.
When one has a great deal to put into it, a day has a hundred pockets.
When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings; when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear.
When people are lame, they love to blame.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
When people believe in themselves they have discovered the first secret of success.
When people get married because they think it's a long-time love affair, they'll be divorced very soon, because all love affairs end in disappointment. But marriage is a recognition of a spiritual identity.
When people laugh at Mickey Mouse, it's because he's so human; and that is the secret of his popularity.
When red-haired people are above a certain social grade their hair is auburn.
When restraint and courtesy are added to strength, the latter becomes irresistible.
When should a college athlete turn pro? Not until he has earned all he can in college as an amateur.
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.
When someone does something good, applaud! You will make two people happy.
When someone makes a big issue about his honesty or achievements, he is probably dishonest or a failure.
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
When the mind is thinking it is talking to itself.
When the Oakies left Oklahoma and moved to California, it raised the I.Q. of both states.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest or treaty, and there is nothing more to fear from them, then he is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader.
When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time".
When there is an income tax, the just man will pay more and the unjust less on the same amount of income.
When they believe in themselves they have the first secret of success.
When we are motivated by goals that have deep meaning, by dreams that need completion, by pure love that needs expressing, then we truly live life.
When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons. We cease to grow.
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace.
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
When we see persons of worth, we should think of equaling them; when we see persons of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves.
When what we are is what we want to be, that's happiness.
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a redhot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
When you are laboring for others let it be with the same zeal as if it were for yourself.
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
When you can't solve the problem, manage it.
When you cannot get a compliment any other way, pay yourself one.
When you choose the lesser of two evils, always remember that it is still an evil.
When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character.
When you combine ignorance and leverage, you get some pretty interesting results.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.
When you follow your bliss... doors will open where you would not have thought there would be doors; and where there wouldn't be a door for anyone else.
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
When you have given nothing, ask for nothing.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
When you know a thing, to hold that you know it, and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.
When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it.
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses.
When you make a world tolerable for yourself, you make a world tolerable for others.
When you make the sacrifice in marriage, you're sacrificing not to each other but to unity in a relationship.
When you paint a picture in your mind of your expectations, you have put yourself into a position to receive the real life version of that picture.
When you play, play hard; when you work, don't play at all.
When you pray for anyone you tend to modify your personal attitude toward him.
When you really want something, and you couple that with an understanding of your nature, of your spiritual being, and the laws that govern you, you will keep going, regardless of what's happened. Nothing will stop you.
When you sit with a nice girl for two hours, you think it's only a minute. But when you sit on a hot stove for a minute, you think it's two hours. That's relativity.
When you take charge of your life, there is no longer a need to ask permission of other people or society at large. When you ask permission, you give someone veto power over your life.
When you wake up in the morning complete the following statement, ―My purpose today is to ___________ .
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life in such a manner that when you die, the world cries as you rejoice.
When you write down the good things you ought to have done, and leave out the bad ones you did do well, that's called your Memoirs.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
When your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look, it's a sure sign you're getting old.
When your heart speaks, take good notes.
When you're a winner you're always happy, but if you're happy as a loser you'll always be a loser.
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.
When you're finished changing, you're finished.
When you're playing against a stacked deck, compete even harder. Show the world how much you'll fight for the winners circle. If you do, someday the cellophane will crackle off a fresh pack, one that belongs to you, and the cards will be stacked in your favor.
When you're riding, only the race in which you're riding is important.
When you‘re tough on yourself, life will be easy on you. When you are easy on yourself, life will be tough on you.
Whenever evil befalls us, we ought to ask ourselves, after the first suffering, how we can turn it into good. So shall we take occasion, from one bitter root, to raise perhaps many flowers.
Whenever I go on a ride, I'm always thinking of what's wrong with the thing and how it can be improved.
Whenever is found what is called a paternal government, there is found state education. It has been discovered that the best way to insure implicit obedience is to commence tyranny in the nursery.
Whenever you are asked if you can do a job, tell 'em, "Certainly, I can!" Then get busy and find out how to do it.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Whenever you get knocked down in the game of life, immediately get up, get better and get going again.
Whenever we're afraid, it's because we don't know enough. If we understood enough, we would never be afraid.
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
Where is there dignity unless there is honesty?
Where love is concerned, too much is not even enough.
Where love is there God is also.
Where there is an observatory and a telescope, we expect that any eyes will see new worlds at once.
Where there is love there is life.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
Where there is reverence there is fear, but there is not reverence everywhere that there is fear, because fear presumably has a wider extension than reverence.
Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger. The two are inseparable. They go together.
Wherever you are, be there!
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Whether one believes in a religion or not, and whether one believes in rebirth or not, there isn't anyone who doesn't appreciate kindness and compassion.
Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right.
Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right.
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right!
Whether you're a musician, a writer, an athlete or a businessman, there is no getting around it. If you do, you'll win--if you don't, you won't.
Which death is preferably to every other? "The unexpected".
While civilization has been improving our houses, it has not equally improved the men who are to inhabit them. It has created palaces, but it was not so easy to create noblemen and kings.
While they were saying among themselves it cannot be done, it was done.
Whine less, breathe more; talk less, say more; hate less, love more; and all good things are yours.
Who is powerful? He who governs his passions.
Who is rich? He who is content with what he already has.
Who is rich? He who rejoices in what he already has.
Who is wise? He who learns from everyone.
Who you spend time with is who you become.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Whoever renders service to many puts himself in line for greatness - great wealth, great return, great satisfaction, great reputation, and great joy.
Whoever said anybody has a right to give up?
Whoever said, 'It's not whether you win or lose that counts,' probably lost.
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods.
Whoso must be a man, must also be a non-conformist.
Why did I want to win? Because I didn't want to lose!
Why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as well as prohibition did, in five years Americans would be the smartest race of people on Earth.
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved.
Why not invest your assets in the companies you really like? As Mae West said, "Too much of a good thing can be wonderful".
Why should we be in such desperate haste to succeed, and in such desperate enterprises? If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.
Why shouldn't truth be stranger than fiction? Fiction, after all, has to make sense.
Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Winning is not a sometime thing: it's an all the time thing. You don't win once in a while; you don't do the right thing once in a while; you do them right all the time. Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing Winning is not everything --- but making the effort to win is.
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
Winning starts with a beginning.
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
Wisdom is a sacred communion.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; virtue is doing it.
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.
Wisdom is oft times nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
Wise men don't need advice and fools won't take it.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent.
Wit is the sudden marriage of ideas which before their union were not perceived to have any relation.
With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Within you right now is the power to do things you never dreamed possible. This power is instantly available to you, as soon as you change what you believe.
Without a rich heart, wealth is an ugly beggar.
Without a sense of urgency, desire loses its value.
Without a sound personal philosophy, your life will eventually crumble.
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no real meaning to you.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Without deep reflection one knows from daily life that one exists for other people.
Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?
Without free speech no search for truth is possible... no discovery of truth is useful.
Without good health, nothing else matters.
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of languor and suffering - an image of death.
Without passion you don‘t have energy, without energy you have nothing.
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
Wonder is the feeling of the philosopher, and philosophy begins in wonder.
Words are only painted fire; a book is the fire itself.
Words do two major things: They provide food for the mind and create light for understanding and awareness.
Words of comfort, skillfully administered, are the oldest therapy known to man.
Words may show a man's wit but actions show his true meaning.
Work and acquire, and thou hast chained the wheel of Chance.
Work and live to serve others, to leave the world a little better than you found it and garner for yourself as much peace of mind as you can. This is happiness.
Work and play are words used to describe the same thing under differing conditions.
Work as if you were to live a hundred years. Pray as if you were to die tomorrow.
Work as though you will live forever, and live as though you will die today. Go the extra mile!
Work at something you really enjoy. Worthy of your time and talents.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
Work is the meat of life, pleasure the dessert.
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts inevitably bring about right results.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
Working for someone else gives you little chance to make a fortune. By owning your own business, you only have to be good to become wealthy.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.
Worrying is like a rocking chair, there‘s a lot of action, but it doesn‘t get you anywhere.
Worrying is like paying on a debt that may never come due.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live.
Would you like me to give you a formula for... success? It's quite simply, really. Double your rate of failure... You're thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn't at all... You can be discouraged by failure -- or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because, remember that's where you'll find success. On the far side of failure.
Write down the advice of him who loves you, though you like it not at present.
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
Writing crystallizes thought and thought produces action.
Written Goals provide the navigation to your life in the same way a lighthouse is used by ships to safely navigate at night when the Captain can‘t see where he‘s going.
Yearn to understand first and to be understood second.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
Yesterday's the past and tomorrow's the future. Today is a gift-- which is why they call it the present.
Yield.
You are a masterpiece of life and should feel and appreciate this all the way down to your bones.
You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own "Acres of Diamonds." You are exactly what you believe and think about all day long. Constantly monitor your thoughts.
You are never strong enough that you don't need help.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
You are probably only one step away from greatness.
You are responsible for exactly who, what and where you are in life. That will be just as true this time next year.
You are the embodiment of the information you choose to accept and act upon. To change your circumstances you need to change your thinking and subsequent actions.
You are the only problem you will ever have and you are the only solution. Change is inevitable, personal growth is always a personal decision.
You are the only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts on this day take you.
You are the center of your own universe.
You are the key to your own better future.
You are too blessed to be stressed.
You become what you think about.
You can attract more cooperation into your life; more friends; more business in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get people interested in you.
You can be sincere and still be stupid.
You can become an even more excellent person by constantly setting higher and higher standards for yourself and then by doing everything possible to live up to those standards.
You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind.
You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories.
You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. Remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
You can create paradise on earth. Many people do.
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.
You can do something in an instant that will give you heartache for life. Choose your words and actions carefully.
You can dream, create, design and build the most wonderful place in the world, but it requires people to make the dream a reality.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
You can eat any size problem if you‘ll treat it like a two pound steak and ―eat it‖ one bite at a time.
You can find 10,000 years of stories of every known way to fail or succeed in books. If you can‘t afford to buy them, get a library card. There‘s a free library not far from where you live. With all of this knowledge available to you, there is no acceptable excuse for you not to succeed at anything you do.
You can have anything you want if you want it badly enough. You can be anything you want to be, do anything you set out to accomplish if you hold to that desire with singleness of purpose.
You can have everything in life you want, if you will just help other people get what they want.
You CAN have it all. You just can't have it all at once.
You can get any job done through the sheer force of will when combined with uncompromising integrity and competence. Strong leadership is the key.
You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea.
You can learn new things at any time in your life if you're willing to be a beginner. If you actually learn to like being a beginner, the whole world opens up to you.
You can live a lifetime and, at the end of it, know more about other people than you know about yourself.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
You can measure opportunity with the same yardstick that measures the risk involved.
You can measure the real value of the opportunity with the same yardstick that you measure the level of risk involved. They always go together.
You can never learn less, you can only learn more.
You can never make up the time you lose.
You can never solve a problem using the same level of intelligence used to create the problem.
You can often measure a person by the size of his dreams.
You can out-distance that which is running after you, but not what is running inside you.
You can overcome anything if you don't bellyache.
You can pretend to be serious; you can't pretend to be witty.
You can run but you can‘t hide.
You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your respect, appreciation, love and affection than you are from yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere.
You can speak up and get more of what you want or you can remain silent and you‘ll get what someone else wants you to have. The choice is yours.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
You can start right where you stand and apply the habit of ‗going the extra mile‘ by rendering more service and better service than you are currently being paid for.
You can take a chance with any man who pays his bills on time.
You can tolerate your own faults, but why not your spouses‘ faults?
You can‘t always control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what does happen to you. If you do this, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
You can't assume that something you did 20 years ago is going is going to allow you to sort of live on the laurels of those victories for the rest of your life.
You can‘t be a student forever. Sooner or later you have to go to work.
You can‘t borrow your way out of debt.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
You can‘t change the outcome of anything from your past.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good.
You can't get something for (from) nothing. The price is too high.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
You can't just let nature run wild. After all, you‘re a part of nature too..
You can't just sit there and wait for people to give you that golden dream; you've got to get out there and make it happen for yourself.
You can't learn in school what the world is going to do next year.
You can't learn too soon that the most useful thing about a principle is that it can always be sacrificed to expediency.
You can‘t open a book without learning something.
You can't pick cherries with your back to the tree.
You can‘t pre-live any day from your future. Today is all there is.
You can‘t re-live any day from your past. Today is all there is.
You can‘t save everybody; only the willing.
You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they have new and better ways to kill you.
You can't truly trust anybody but yourself with your money.
You can't understand the present if you don't understand the past...
You cannot change what you do not acknowledge (as a personal short coming). You have to face it before you replace it.
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.
You cannot control how high 'he' jumps. You cannot control how fast 'he' is. You can not control how great he is. But he cannot control how hard you play.
You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one.
You cannot make it as a wandering generality. You must become a meaningful specific.
You cannot perform in a manner inconsistent with the way you see yourself.
You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb it all by himself.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
You cannot tailor-make all of the situations you will face in life but, you can custommake the attitudes you choose to fit those situations.
You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him find it within himself.
You create your own circumstances.
You didn't have a choice about the parents you inherited, but you do have a choice about the kind of parent you will be.
You do not wake up one morning a bad person. It happens by a thousand tiny surrenders of self-respect to self-interest.
You do things when the opportunities come along. I've had periods in my life when I've had a bundle of ideas come along, and I've also had long dry spells.
You don't carry in your countenance a letter of recommendation.
You don‘t enjoy anything until you share it with someone else.
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
You don‘t have a business until you have customers.
You don‘t have any money of your own until all of your bills have been paid first.
You don‘t have to be great to start, but you do have to start to be great.
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.
You don‘t have to win every argument. Agree to disagreements.
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
You don't marry someone you can live with - you marry the person who you cannot live without.
You don‘t need to learn anything but once.
You don't pay the price for success. You enjoy the price for success.
You don't play against opponents. You play against the game of basketball.
You don't save a pitcher for tomorrow. Tomorrow it may rain.
You don‘t understand anything until you can explain it to someone else so that they understand it.
You either get it or you don‘t.
You either grow or regress. Nothing stands still.
You find that you have peace of mind and can enjoy yourself, get more sleep, rest when you know that it was a one hundred percent effort that you gave - win or lose.
You find yourself refreshed in the presence of cheerful people. Why not make an honest effort to confer that pleasure on others? Half the battle is gained if you never allow yourself to say anything gloomy.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
You get what you expect, no more, no less.
You get what you expect, not what you want.
You give before you get.
You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give.
You have a right to be rich and this is how you can make getting rich a reality in your life: ‗Learn what you have to learn‘ so you can ‗earn what you have to earn‘ so you can ‗save what you have to save‘ so you can ‗invest what you have to invest‘ so you can retire financially comfortable. The formula is called, LESIR: Learn, Earn, Save, Invest and Retire (financially comfortable).
You have a right to fight for what's right.
You have always possessed the power to take control of your own mind and direct it to any end result you desire.
You have always succeeded… in producing a result.
You have got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
You have more potential than you believe you do.
You have powers you never dreamed of. You can do things you never thought you could do. There are no limitations in what you can do except the limitations of your own mind.
You have teenagers thinking they're going to make millions as NBA stars when that's not realistic for even one percent of them. Becoming a scientist or engineer is.
You have to be smart. The easy days are over.
You have to give before you can get.
You have to identify what you want before you can have what you want.
You have to learn how to turn the tables on the ego. The only way to forgive what is within is to forgive what seems to be without.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
You have to perform at a consistently higher level than others. That's the mark of a true professional.
You have to plan it before it can happen.
You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.
You just don't luck into things as much as you'd like to think you do. You build step by step, whether it's friendships or opportunities.
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.
You make your habits and then your habits make you.
You may delay, but time will not.
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
You must capture and keep the heart of the original and supremely able man before his brain can do its best.
You must first have the knowledge of your power; second, the courage to dare; third, the faith to do.
You must give some time to your fellow men. Even if it's a little thing, do something for others - something for which you get no pay but the privilege of doing it.
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment.
You must look into people, as well as at them.
You must lose a fly to catch a trout.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
You must question a code of ethics that never impedes your progress.
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of.
You need to play with supreme confidence, or else you'll lose again, and then losing becomes a habit.
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.
You never know what events are going to transpire after you cross over the horizon as you make good things happen in your life.
You never need an argument against the use of violence, you need an argument for it.
You never pull the trigger until you know you can win.
You never really pay a price to be successful, what you get to enjoy, every step of the way, is your personal transformation experience as you become successful.
You never suffer from a money problem, you always suffer from an idea problem.
You only fail when you fall down and don‘t get back up.
You only have to consistently do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't consistently do too many things wrong.
You reach a point where you don't work for money.
You see, in life, lots of people know what to do, but few people actually do what they know how to do. Knowing is not enough! You must apply what you have learned so you can proceed to the next opportunity.
You see, it's never the environment; it's never the events of our lives, but the meaning we attach to the events - how we interpret them - that shapes who we are today and who we'll become tomorrow.
You see things; and you say 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?‘ You shouldn't be so eager to find out a secret. It could change your life forever.
You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic.
You were born pre-programmed with four basic survival instincts to deal with every situation you would encounter in life: (1) Fight with it. (2) Flee from it. (3) Feed on it. (4) Procreate with it. Everything else you know, you learned after you got here.
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
You were not born to fail.
You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as you dominant aspiration.
You will find as you look back upon your life that the moments when you have truly lived are the moments when you have done things in the spirit of love.
You will find boredom in the absence of a good idea.
You will find men who want to be carried on the shoulders of others, who think that the world owes them a living. They don't seem to see that we must all lift together and pull together.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
You will never find time for anything. If you want time you must make it.
You will never stub your toe standing still. The faster you go, the more chance there is of stubbing your toe, but the more chance you have of getting somewhere.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
You will soon break the bow if you keep it always stretched.
You will suddenly realize that the reason you never changed before was because you didn't want to.
You'll find boredom where there is the absence of a good idea.
You're either part of the solution or you're part of the problem.
You're measured only by results.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
You're successful when you like who and what you are.
You've got to develop mental strength. And you develop mental strength with the will.
You've got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was.
You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
You've got to say, "I think that if I keep working at this and want it badly enough I can have it." It's called perseverance.
Your ability to use the principle of autosuggestion will depend, very largely, upon your capacity to concentrate upon a given desire until that desire becomes a burning obsession, followed by action on your part.
Your actions are always in harmony with what you think of yourself, whether that selfimage is accurate or not.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Your character won‘t be fully tested until things aren't going well or until the stakes are high.
Your children get only one childhood.
Your children need your presence a lot more than they need your presents.
Your company's most valuable asset is the company‘s reputation with its customers.
Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well. Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else.
Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time.
Your job won‘t take care of you when you‘re sick. Your friends and family will. Stay in touch.
Your life can be changed in a matter of hours by people who don't even know you.
Your life is the fruit of your own doing. You have no one to blame but yourself.
Your life may be the only Bible some people read.
Your life needs to be managed just like a business. Every business takes inventory of its assets at least once each year. Some do inventories once a month.
Your life only gets better when you get better.
Your lifelong partner, where earning money is concerned, is the IRS. Like Al Capone ran Chicago in the heyday of big-time gangsters, as long as you pay them first, they‘ll leave you alone to do what you do best.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.
Your mind is ‗the greatest picture development device‘ on planet earth. Whatever picture it ―sees‖, it will automatically marshal the resources to develop your ‗picture‘ into your reality. Good picture. Bad picture. Your subconscious mind doesn‘t know the difference. That new picture/reality will be the life you will be forced to live… until again, you show your mind the next picture of the future you expect.
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Your net worth to the world is usually determined by what remains after your bad habits are subtracted from your good ones.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself.
Your philosophy determines whether you will go for the disciplines or continue the errors.
Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
Your problem is to bridge the gap which exists between where you are now and the goal you intend to reach.
Your purpose explains what you are doing with your life. Your vision explains how you are living your purpose. Your goals enable you to realize your vision.
Your purpose is to make your audience see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt. Relevant detail, couched in concrete, colorful language, is the best way to recreate the incident as it happened and to picture it for the audience.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
Your silence gives consent.
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with your talent is your gift to God.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
Your world changes right after you change your mind.
Your world is a living expression of how you are currently using and have used the powers of your mind.
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have.
Youth is a circumstance you can't do anything about. The trick is to grow up without getting old.
